prev_suf:idcur_suf:owprev_word:vividcurrent_word:yellow next_word:figures
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:urprev_word:inningcurrent_word:four next_word:main
prev_suf:hacur_suf:ntprev_word:fhacurrent_word:down-payment next_word:requirements
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:ngprev_word:ever-presentcurrent_word:marching next_word:band
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:arecurrent_word:looking next_word:for
prev_suf:cecur_suf:18prev_word:producecurrent_word:1,118 next_word:publishable
prev_suf:tscur_suf:alprev_word:itscurrent_word:regional next_word:peace
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:japrev_word:andcurrent_word:sonja next_word:steptoe
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ngprev_word:forcurrent_word:bringing next_word:chaos
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ayprev_word:introducedcurrent_word:wednesday next_word:and
prev_suf:edcur_suf:idprev_word:bookedcurrent_word:solid next_word:for
prev_suf:tocur_suf:70prev_word:tocurrent_word:270 next_word:days
prev_suf:uncur_suf:ndprev_word:three-runcurrent_word:second next_word:since
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:leprev_word:heldcurrent_word:sterile next_word:products
prev_suf:)cur_suf:82prev_word:)current_word:.9.82 next_word:%
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ngprev_word:ofcurrent_word:photofinishing next_word:newsletter
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:contributed next_word:by
prev_suf:,cur_suf:*2prev_word:,current_word:6\*slash*2 next_word:rate
prev_suf:mecur_suf:esprev_word:somecurrent_word:bonuses next_word:,
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ngprev_word:steadilycurrent_word:increasing next_word:the
prev_suf:rdcur_suf:stprev_word:boardcurrent_word:specialist next_word:.
prev_suf:etcur_suf:reprev_word:marketcurrent_word:here next_word:,
prev_suf:p.cur_suf:edprev_word:corp.current_word:reported next_word:earnings
prev_suf:incur_suf:naprev_word:incurrent_word:china next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:thecurrent_word:pittsburgh-based next_word:producer
prev_suf:uscur_suf:ceprev_word:gaseouscurrent_word:substance next_word:.
prev_suf:kecur_suf:kprev_word:likecurrent_word:k next_word:mart
prev_suf:ancur_suf:edprev_word:morgancurrent_word:climbed next_word:to
prev_suf:recur_suf:tsprev_word:moorecurrent_word:reports next_word:its
prev_suf:rdcur_suf:ryprev_word:aboardcurrent_word:military next_word:lasers
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:onprev_word:permanentcurrent_word:cancellation next_word:of
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:smprev_word:drewcurrent_word:criticism next_word:from
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:enprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:golden next_word:west
prev_suf:acur_suf:onprev_word:acurrent_word:projection next_word:by
prev_suf:hecur_suf:enprev_word:thecurrent_word:best-of-seven next_word:fest
prev_suf:adcur_suf:edprev_word:hadcurrent_word:explained next_word:the
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ceprev_word:tocurrent_word:replace next_word:ones
prev_suf:ercur_suf:alprev_word:othercurrent_word:psychological next_word:push
prev_suf:acur_suf:itprev_word:acurrent_word:unit next_word:'s
prev_suf:aycur_suf:tsprev_word:saycurrent_word:opponents next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:icprev_word:thecurrent_word:music next_word:that
prev_suf:``cur_suf:reprev_word:``current_word:therefore next_word:makes
prev_suf:iscur_suf:rtprev_word:hiscurrent_word:passport next_word:confiscated
prev_suf:$cur_suf:39prev_word:$current_word:13.39 next_word:an
prev_suf:hecur_suf:keprev_word:thecurrent_word:strike next_word:against
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ilprev_word:,current_word:until next_word:west
prev_suf:,cur_suf:.tprev_word:,current_word:b.a.t next_word:,
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ngprev_word:pactscurrent_word:expiring next_word:on
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ulprev_word:fairlycurrent_word:successful next_word:in
prev_suf:hncur_suf:ekprev_word:johncurrent_word:mirek next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ctprev_word:thecurrent_word:greenhouse-effect next_word:provision
prev_suf:ffcur_suf:55prev_word:offcurrent_word:0.0055 next_word:.
prev_suf:encur_suf:rtprev_word:beencurrent_word:hurt next_word:yesterday
prev_suf:atcur_suf:hoprev_word:atcurrent_word:taisho next_word:life
prev_suf:tocur_suf:98prev_word:tocurrent_word:98 next_word:1\*slash*8
prev_suf:omcur_suf:91prev_word:fromcurrent_word:91 next_word:nations
prev_suf:$cur_suf:90prev_word:$current_word:90 next_word:days
prev_suf:eccur_suf:92prev_word:eccurrent_word:92 next_word:''
prev_suf:tocur_suf:95prev_word:tocurrent_word:95 next_word:%
prev_suf:atcur_suf:97prev_word:atcurrent_word:97 next_word:1\*slash*4
prev_suf:secur_suf:esprev_word:thesecurrent_word:circumstances next_word:is
prev_suf:pscur_suf:edprev_word:chipscurrent_word:plunged next_word:some
prev_suf:edcur_suf:veprev_word:ruledcurrent_word:anticompetitive next_word:in
prev_suf:sscur_suf:esprev_word:grosscurrent_word:revenues next_word:declined
prev_suf:orcur_suf:leprev_word:forcurrent_word:example next_word:,
prev_suf:aycur_suf:esprev_word:graycurrent_word:owes next_word:a
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:organized next_word:effort
prev_suf:akcur_suf:cyprev_word:weakcurrent_word:currency next_word:fell
prev_suf:llcur_suf:ngprev_word:stillcurrent_word:reviewing next_word:its
prev_suf:eycur_suf:ntprev_word:theycurrent_word:want next_word:to
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ogprev_word:andcurrent_word:hog next_word:contract
prev_suf:idcur_suf:elprev_word:paidcurrent_word:travel next_word:,
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:drying next_word:up
prev_suf:hecur_suf:geprev_word:thecurrent_word:damage next_word:to
prev_suf:ctcur_suf:owprev_word:restrictcurrent_word:how next_word:long
prev_suf:hecur_suf:otprev_word:thecurrent_word:hot next_word:stock
prev_suf:alcur_suf:ceprev_word:legalcurrent_word:significance next_word:in
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ngprev_word:goingcurrent_word:wrong next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:rsprev_word:andcurrent_word:raiders next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:esprev_word:othercurrent_word:types next_word:of
prev_suf:incur_suf:ssprev_word:incurrent_word:persuasiveness next_word:as
prev_suf:recur_suf:veprev_word:morecurrent_word:effective next_word:in
prev_suf:wocur_suf:nsprev_word:twocurrent_word:wins next_word:over
prev_suf:tscur_suf:rsprev_word:itscurrent_word:headquarters next_word:building
prev_suf:incur_suf:icprev_word:incurrent_word:democratic next_word:freedoms
prev_suf:owcur_suf:neprev_word:barrowcurrent_word:wine next_word:bar
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:home-delivered next_word:pizza
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ryprev_word:cancurrent_word:vary next_word:widely
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:typrev_word:STARTcurrent_word:fidelity next_word:funds
prev_suf:lycur_suf:nsprev_word:onlycurrent_word:californians next_word:but
prev_suf:tscur_suf:neprev_word:itscurrent_word:lifeline next_word:to
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ecprev_word:tocurrent_word:trizec next_word:corp
prev_suf:ascur_suf:leprev_word:wascurrent_word:admirable next_word:,
prev_suf:becur_suf:erprev_word:becurrent_word:easier next_word:to
prev_suf:amcur_suf:rtprev_word:burnhamcurrent_word:lambert next_word:inc.
prev_suf:'scur_suf:teprev_word:'scurrent_word:slate next_word:of
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ngprev_word:particularlycurrent_word:zoning next_word:and
prev_suf:vecur_suf:tsprev_word:destructivecurrent_word:effects next_word:of
prev_suf:ghcur_suf:lsprev_word:highcurrent_word:schools next_word:and
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:erprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:silver next_word:was
prev_suf:vecur_suf:tsprev_word:abovecurrent_word:represents next_word:20,000
prev_suf:hecur_suf:utprev_word:thecurrent_word:debut next_word:commercial
prev_suf:alcur_suf:lsprev_word:specialcurrent_word:skills next_word:.
prev_suf:uecur_suf:owprev_word:bluecurrent_word:arrow next_word:blamed
prev_suf:atcur_suf:.5prev_word:atcurrent_word:114.5 next_word:,
prev_suf:omcur_suf:laprev_word:fromcurrent_word:angola next_word:and
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:esprev_word:worldcurrent_word:series next_word:of
prev_suf:$cur_suf:00prev_word:$current_word:250,000 next_word:for
prev_suf:nocur_suf:ueprev_word:nocurrent_word:new-issue next_word:activity
prev_suf:$cur_suf:93prev_word:$current_word:393 next_word:million
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:contracting next_word:out
prev_suf:utcur_suf:00prev_word:aboutcurrent_word:2,500 next_word:service
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:lyprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:substantially next_word:greater
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:08prev_word:ofcurrent_word:2,508 next_word:such
prev_suf:stcur_suf:00prev_word:leastcurrent_word:120,000 next_word:demonstrators
prev_suf:hecur_suf:etprev_word:thecurrent_word:balanced-budget next_word:amendment
prev_suf:hecur_suf:urprev_word:thecurrent_word:six-hour next_word:compromise
prev_suf:hecur_suf:orprev_word:thecurrent_word:semiconductor next_word:microchip
prev_suf:acur_suf:stprev_word:acurrent_word:strategist next_word:at
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ysprev_word:aftercurrent_word:surveys next_word:of
prev_suf:edcur_suf:rsprev_word:infraredcurrent_word:sensors next_word:,
prev_suf:atcur_suf:neprev_word:thatcurrent_word:chlorine next_word:bleach
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:shecurrent_word:spurned next_word:a
prev_suf:oncur_suf:esprev_word:oncurrent_word:shelves next_word:instead
prev_suf:ercur_suf:utprev_word:othercurrent_word:takeout next_word:fare
prev_suf:atcur_suf:dyprev_word:thatcurrent_word:speedy next_word:and
prev_suf:idcur_suf:elprev_word:saidcurrent_word:nigel next_word:longley
prev_suf:(cur_suf:shprev_word:(current_word:wash next_word:.
prev_suf:tocur_suf:79prev_word:tocurrent_word:179 next_word:days
prev_suf:vecur_suf:ceprev_word:cost-effectivecurrent_word:service next_word:representatives
prev_suf:tocur_suf:lyprev_word:untocurrent_word:similarly next_word:,
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:seprev_word:offeringcurrent_word:prepurchase next_word:house
prev_suf:orcur_suf:tsprev_word:creditorcurrent_word:lawsuits next_word:under
prev_suf:iscur_suf:edprev_word:iscurrent_word:needed next_word:once
prev_suf:p.cur_suf:erprev_word:l.p.current_word:master next_word:limited
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:edprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:listed next_word:on
prev_suf:tscur_suf:gsprev_word:itscurrent_word:legs next_word:,
prev_suf:escur_suf:ngprev_word:scorescurrent_word:ranging next_word:as
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:ttprev_word:consultantcurrent_word:hewitt next_word:associates
prev_suf:atcur_suf:dsprev_word:thatcurrent_word:rewards next_word:managers
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:seprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:collapse next_word:of
prev_suf:incur_suf:vaprev_word:incurrent_word:geneva next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:omprev_word:thecurrent_word:wisdom next_word:of
prev_suf:lycur_suf:leprev_word:sadlycurrent_word:predictable next_word:result
prev_suf:encur_suf:edprev_word:evencurrent_word:showed next_word:little
prev_suf:incur_suf:nsprev_word:incurrent_word:nations next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ctprev_word:thecurrent_word:project next_word:until
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:leprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:idle next_word:day
prev_suf:lecur_suf:leprev_word:whilecurrent_word:profitable next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:arecurrent_word:feeling next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:acquisition next_word:program
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:ilprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:entail next_word:an
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ssprev_word:thecurrent_word:willingness next_word:to
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:runner next_word:along
prev_suf:llcur_suf:onprev_word:smallcurrent_word:boston next_word:corp.
prev_suf:'scur_suf:lmprev_word:'scurrent_word:easy-to-film next_word:,
prev_suf:acur_suf:enprev_word:acurrent_word:dozen next_word:newspapers
prev_suf:alcur_suf:rsprev_word:nationalcurrent_word:affairs next_word:department
prev_suf:$cur_suf:71prev_word:$current_word:2.71 next_word:million
prev_suf:otcur_suf:leprev_word:notcurrent_word:responsible next_word:for
prev_suf:$cur_suf:75prev_word:$current_word:2.75 next_word:.
prev_suf:upcur_suf:77prev_word:upcurrent_word:2.77 next_word:.
prev_suf:eycur_suf:edprev_word:theycurrent_word:absorbed next_word:the
prev_suf:lacur_suf:urprev_word:kualacurrent_word:lumpur next_word:'s
prev_suf:rycur_suf:lyprev_word:verycurrent_word:responsibly next_word:today
prev_suf:nscur_suf:fsprev_word:meanscurrent_word:layoffs next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:inprev_word:thecurrent_word:kremlin next_word:leader
prev_suf:incur_suf:nsprev_word:incurrent_word:transactions next_word:at
prev_suf:;cur_suf:lsprev_word:;current_word:wells next_word:are
prev_suf:escur_suf:erprev_word:jamescurrent_word:gallagher next_word:,
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:letter next_word:carriers
prev_suf:ancur_suf:onprev_word:ancurrent_word:organization next_word:of
prev_suf:fycur_suf:stprev_word:satisfycurrent_word:antitrust next_word:issues
prev_suf:acur_suf:orprev_word:acurrent_word:professor next_word:of
prev_suf:lecur_suf:meprev_word:newcastlecurrent_word:came next_word:to
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:'recurrent_word:saying next_word:it
prev_suf:elcur_suf:erprev_word:michelcurrent_word:vigier next_word:,
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:olprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:whirpool next_word:said
prev_suf:iscur_suf:edprev_word:iscurrent_word:nominated next_word:by
prev_suf:alcur_suf:ckprev_word:financialcurrent_word:times-stock next_word:exchange
prev_suf:tocur_suf:geprev_word:tocurrent_word:gauge next_word:whether
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:werecurrent_word:heckled next_word:by
prev_suf:lecur_suf:nsprev_word:valuablecurrent_word:lessons next_word:since
prev_suf:mecur_suf:syprev_word:somecurrent_word:busy next_word:dealings
prev_suf:alcur_suf:rsprev_word:manualcurrent_word:typewriters next_word:,
prev_suf:gecur_suf:neprev_word:hugecurrent_word:headline next_word:``
prev_suf:vecur_suf:anprev_word:expensivecurrent_word:than next_word:blue
prev_suf:tocur_suf:coprev_word:puertocurrent_word:rico next_word:school
prev_suf:hecur_suf:shprev_word:thecurrent_word:bush next_word:is
prev_suf:omcur_suf:ckprev_word:fromcurrent_word:rick next_word:reuschel
prev_suf:necur_suf:nsprev_word:boonecurrent_word:pickens next_word:tells
prev_suf:tacur_suf:caprev_word:costacurrent_word:rica next_word:that
prev_suf:hecur_suf:teprev_word:thecurrent_word:plate next_word:sunday
prev_suf:upcur_suf:tsprev_word:upcurrent_word:88-points next_word:day
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:reversal next_word:was
prev_suf:edcur_suf:erprev_word:haltedcurrent_word:altogether next_word:at
prev_suf:ercur_suf:etprev_word:third-quartercurrent_word:net next_word:worth
prev_suf:'scur_suf:typrev_word:'scurrent_word:volatility next_word:is
prev_suf:incur_suf:arprev_word:incurrent_word:jaguar next_word:shares
prev_suf:secur_suf:nsprev_word:anti-defensecurrent_word:greens next_word:wanted
prev_suf:tscur_suf:lyprev_word:itscurrent_word:nicely next_word:produced
prev_suf:uecur_suf:ldprev_word:leaguecurrent_word:bluefield next_word:lost
prev_suf:tocur_suf:chprev_word:tocurrent_word:patch next_word:together
prev_suf:acur_suf:arprev_word:acurrent_word:three-year next_word:contracts
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:n'prev_word:rockcurrent_word:'n' next_word:roll
prev_suf:tocur_suf:seprev_word:tocurrent_word:release next_word:sunday
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ndprev_word:shortlycurrent_word:respond next_word:to
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:disaster next_word:on
prev_suf:ascur_suf:irprev_word:ascurrent_word:fair next_word:market
prev_suf:tscur_suf:edprev_word:productscurrent_word:deemed next_word:safe
prev_suf:orcur_suf:59prev_word:orcurrent_word:59 next_word:days
prev_suf:ancur_suf:lyprev_word:ancurrent_word:unexpectedly next_word:large
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ltprev_word:,current_word:result next_word:in
prev_suf:hocur_suf:edprev_word:whocurrent_word:resigned next_word:his
prev_suf:atcur_suf:stprev_word:atcurrent_word:best next_word:of
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:tsprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:lots next_word:of
prev_suf:8cur_suf:16prev_word:8current_word:7\*slash*16 next_word:%
prev_suf:incur_suf:esprev_word:incurrent_word:droves next_word:after
prev_suf:kscur_suf:.3prev_word:seekscurrent_word:50.3 next_word:%
prev_suf:tocur_suf:veprev_word:tocurrent_word:preserve next_word:an
prev_suf:%cur_suf:geprev_word:%current_word:wage next_word:increases
prev_suf:oucur_suf:erprev_word:youcurrent_word:never next_word:reopened
prev_suf:otcur_suf:ndprev_word:notcurrent_word:extend next_word:a
prev_suf:tocur_suf:skprev_word:tocurrent_word:ask next_word:the
prev_suf:stcur_suf:esprev_word:biggestcurrent_word:employment-services next_word:group
prev_suf:recur_suf:ryprev_word:werecurrent_word:self-congratulatory next_word:about
prev_suf:uscur_suf:esprev_word:variouscurrent_word:affiliates next_word:based
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ntprev_word:thecurrent_word:extent next_word:of
prev_suf:cecur_suf:onprev_word:reducecurrent_word:carbon next_word:dioxide
prev_suf:uecur_suf:btprev_word:issuecurrent_word:debt next_word:of
prev_suf:'scur_suf:roprev_word:'scurrent_word:co-hero next_word:of
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:roller next_word:coaster
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:reprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:omnicare next_word:said
prev_suf:utcur_suf:ngprev_word:withoutcurrent_word:sacrificing next_word:quality
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ryprev_word:thecurrent_word:country next_word:'s
prev_suf:``cur_suf:edprev_word:``current_word:leisure-oriented next_word:''
prev_suf:edcur_suf:.5prev_word:jumpedcurrent_word:62.5 next_word:cents
prev_suf:lscur_suf:edprev_word:officialscurrent_word:demanded next_word:the
prev_suf:$cur_suf:09prev_word:$current_word:109 next_word:million
prev_suf:secur_suf:ngprev_word:thesecurrent_word:high-yielding next_word:loans
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:hascurrent_word:asked next_word:what
prev_suf:tocur_suf:teprev_word:tocurrent_word:eradicate next_word:some
prev_suf:hecur_suf:anprev_word:thecurrent_word:libyan next_word:leader
prev_suf:ancur_suf:veprev_word:ancurrent_word:active next_word:in
prev_suf:lscur_suf:50prev_word:fallscurrent_word:250 next_word:a
prev_suf:$cur_suf:51prev_word:$current_word:251 next_word:million
prev_suf:$cur_suf:54prev_word:$current_word:254 next_word:million
prev_suf:omcur_suf:80prev_word:fromcurrent_word:3.80 next_word:%
prev_suf:$cur_suf:84prev_word:$current_word:3.84 next_word:billion
prev_suf:tscur_suf:onprev_word:machinistscurrent_word:union next_word:'s
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ryprev_word:oncurrent_word:finsbury next_word:circus
prev_suf:tscur_suf:.prev_word:thriftscurrent_word:. next_word:''
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:dyprev_word:ofcurrent_word:subsidy next_word:.
prev_suf:,cur_suf:chprev_word:,current_word:much next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:feprev_word:thecurrent_word:life next_word:and
prev_suf:arcur_suf:rnprev_word:farcurrent_word:eastern next_word:markets
prev_suf:--cur_suf:erprev_word:--current_word:worker next_word:sell
prev_suf:ercur_suf:veprev_word:right-handercurrent_word:dave next_word:stewart
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ldprev_word:ofcurrent_word:child next_word:health
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:worked next_word:as
prev_suf:tecur_suf:ceprev_word:interstatecurrent_word:commerce next_word:index
prev_suf:edcur_suf:anprev_word:discoveredcurrent_word:intan next_word:.
prev_suf:tocur_suf:teprev_word:tocurrent_word:elaborate next_word:on
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:played next_word:a
prev_suf:utcur_suf:hlprev_word:helmutcurrent_word:kohl next_word:may
prev_suf:iscur_suf:edprev_word:iscurrent_word:conditioned next_word:on
prev_suf:necur_suf:erprev_word:onecurrent_word:player next_word:in
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ngprev_word:forcurrent_word:anticipating next_word:a
prev_suf:;cur_suf:ngprev_word:;current_word:hong next_word:kong-based
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:edprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:taped next_word:just
prev_suf:escur_suf:omprev_word:makescurrent_word:computer-room next_word:equipment
prev_suf:atcur_suf:gsprev_word:atcurrent_word:things next_word:will
prev_suf:hecur_suf:atprev_word:thecurrent_word:format next_word:to
prev_suf:tocur_suf:itprev_word:tocurrent_word:split next_word:into
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:orprev_word:heldcurrent_word:nalcor next_word:inc.
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:anprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:european next_word:group
prev_suf:..cur_suf:lyprev_word:...current_word:fairly next_word:successful
prev_suf:alcur_suf:rsprev_word:commercialcurrent_word:photographers next_word:of
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:74prev_word:ofcurrent_word:5.74 next_word:.
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:widelycurrent_word:disseminated next_word:opinion
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:icprev_word:ofcurrent_word:academic next_word:health
prev_suf:$cur_suf:75prev_word:$current_word:34.375 next_word:a
prev_suf:``cur_suf:teprev_word:``current_word:corporate next_word:culture
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:spurred next_word:buying
prev_suf:recur_suf:olprev_word:pressurecurrent_word:capitol next_word:hill
prev_suf:llcur_suf:teprev_word:willcurrent_word:distribute next_word:pamphlets
prev_suf:ercur_suf:lyprev_word:carriercurrent_word:financially next_word:troubled
prev_suf:incur_suf:chprev_word:incurrent_word:aristech next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:usprev_word:thecurrent_word:previous next_word:three
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:old-fashioned next_word:rally
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:adprev_word:andcurrent_word:had next_word:forced
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ntprev_word:basingcurrent_word:advancement next_word:on
prev_suf:lacur_suf:ldprev_word:sheilacurrent_word:macdonald next_word:.
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:ayprev_word:consultantcurrent_word:hay next_word:group
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:nsprev_word:clothingcurrent_word:collections next_word:done
prev_suf:escur_suf:ntprev_word:oriolescurrent_word:innocent next_word:of
prev_suf:incur_suf:onprev_word:incurrent_word:prison next_word:and
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:east next_word:germans
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:alprev_word:andcurrent_word:municipal next_word:trading
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:dangerscurrent_word:posed next_word:by
prev_suf:'scur_suf:leprev_word:'scurrent_word:possible next_word:white
prev_suf:,cur_suf:lyprev_word:,current_word:possibly next_word:difficult
prev_suf:,cur_suf:onprev_word:,current_word:compaction next_word:and
prev_suf:escur_suf:edprev_word:pricescurrent_word:firmed next_word:,
prev_suf:stcur_suf:owprev_word:vastcurrent_word:shadow next_word:government
prev_suf:pecur_suf:esprev_word:europecurrent_word:poses next_word:labor
prev_suf:``cur_suf:reprev_word:``current_word:desire next_word:for
prev_suf:becur_suf:htprev_word:becurrent_word:brought next_word:against
prev_suf:omcur_suf:ceprev_word:fromcurrent_word:alice next_word:'s
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:misled next_word:by
prev_suf:rycur_suf:psprev_word:preliminarycurrent_word:steps next_word:,
prev_suf:rkcur_suf:reprev_word:markcurrent_word:mcgwire next_word:'s
prev_suf:'scur_suf:eyprev_word:'scurrent_word:attorney next_word:general
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:htprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:right next_word:direction
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ldprev_word:thecurrent_word:old next_word:films
prev_suf:mecur_suf:wdprev_word:lunchtimecurrent_word:crowd next_word:.
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:leprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:people next_word:close
prev_suf:iacur_suf:erprev_word:philadelphiacurrent_word:postmaster next_word:charles
prev_suf:secur_suf:epprev_word:inversecurrent_word:lockstep next_word:with
prev_suf:nscur_suf:edprev_word:chainscurrent_word:ruffled next_word:by
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:orprev_word:spendingcurrent_word:for next_word:$
prev_suf:``cur_suf:omprev_word:``current_word:bottom next_word:-
prev_suf:j.cur_suf:oxprev_word:j.current_word:fox next_word:replaced
prev_suf:4cur_suf:m.prev_word:4current_word:p.m. next_word:,
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ngprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:contributing next_word:to
prev_suf:,cur_suf:lsprev_word:,current_word:individuals next_word:ran
prev_suf:ancur_suf:onprev_word:ancurrent_word:indication next_word:of
prev_suf:encur_suf:edprev_word:beencurrent_word:pinched next_word:by
prev_suf:mecur_suf:ngprev_word:somecurrent_word:low-yielding next_word:assets
prev_suf:chcur_suf:shprev_word:suchcurrent_word:fish next_word:had
prev_suf:ancur_suf:l'prev_word:meancurrent_word:ol' next_word:law
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:alprev_word:andcurrent_word:dental next_word:markets
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ngprev_word:createdcurrent_word:shifting next_word:alliances
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:icprev_word:ofcurrent_word:anti-scientific next_word:,
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ngprev_word:'scurrent_word:losing next_word:63.52
prev_suf:igcur_suf:geprev_word:bigcurrent_word:brokerage next_word:firms
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ngprev_word:printercurrent_word:manufacturing next_word:and
prev_suf:alcur_suf:rsprev_word:totalcurrent_word:dollars next_word:(
prev_suf:hecur_suf:nsprev_word:thecurrent_word:citizens next_word:in
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:edprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:annualized next_word:average
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:lyprev_word:grewcurrent_word:slightly next_word:yesterday
prev_suf:tocur_suf:leprev_word:tocurrent_word:meddle next_word:in
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:raised next_word:the
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:zeprev_word:andcurrent_word:gauze next_word:products
prev_suf:iacur_suf:typrev_word:columbiacurrent_word:facility next_word:.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:25prev_word:$current_word:1.625 next_word:billion
prev_suf:itcur_suf:esprev_word:itcurrent_word:raises next_word:capital
prev_suf:tecur_suf:oxprev_word:whitecurrent_word:sox next_word:(
prev_suf:owcur_suf:tsprev_word:fellowcurrent_word:defendants next_word:be
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ceprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:suffice next_word:it
prev_suf:tocur_suf:lyprev_word:tocurrent_word:constantly next_word:revise
prev_suf:encur_suf:edprev_word:beencurrent_word:authorized next_word:the
prev_suf:incur_suf:edprev_word:gaincurrent_word:resulted next_word:from
prev_suf:&cur_suf:phprev_word:&current_word:telegraph next_word:rose
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:underestimated next_word:california
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:insurrection next_word:and
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ryprev_word:thecurrent_word:danbury next_word:,
prev_suf:ctcur_suf:erprev_word:contractcurrent_word:offer next_word:,
prev_suf:escur_suf:v.prev_word:expirescurrent_word:nov. next_word:1
prev_suf:recur_suf:n.prev_word:maturecurrent_word:jan. next_word:18
prev_suf:$cur_suf:51prev_word:$current_word:151 next_word:million
prev_suf:chcur_suf:erprev_word:eachcurrent_word:passenger next_word:in
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:hecurrent_word:later next_word:,
prev_suf:ghcur_suf:alprev_word:thoughcurrent_word:liberal next_word:judge
prev_suf:acur_suf:dyprev_word:acurrent_word:steady next_word:increase
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ntprev_word:'scurrent_word:tournament next_word:.
prev_suf:tocur_suf:heprev_word:tocurrent_word:soothe next_word:giant
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ngprev_word:americancurrent_word:accounting next_word:standards
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:nsprev_word:ofcurrent_word:negotiations next_word:in
prev_suf:vecur_suf:edprev_word:havecurrent_word:protested next_word:mr.
prev_suf:ercur_suf:onprev_word:shareholdercurrent_word:solicitation next_word:to
prev_suf:rdcur_suf:alprev_word:towardcurrent_word:eventual next_word:black
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:orprev_word:tradingcurrent_word:floor next_word:of
prev_suf:,cur_suf:orprev_word:,current_word:actor next_word:and
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:odprev_word:sellingcurrent_word:flood next_word:of
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:leprev_word:consultingcurrent_word:role next_word:in
prev_suf:'scur_suf:usprev_word:'scurrent_word:ambitious next_word:goals
prev_suf:edcur_suf:rsprev_word:well-connectedcurrent_word:developers next_word:and
prev_suf:n'cur_suf:llprev_word:'n'current_word:roll next_word:tunes
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:'sprev_word:governmentcurrent_word:'s next_word:acquisition
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:daprev_word:forcingcurrent_word:ramada next_word:to
prev_suf:hecur_suf:'dprev_word:hecurrent_word:'d next_word:be
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ntprev_word:thecurrent_word:intent next_word:on
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:arecurrent_word:rolling next_word:out
prev_suf:icur_suf:'mprev_word:icurrent_word:'m next_word:delighted
prev_suf:atcur_suf:99prev_word:atcurrent_word:99 next_word:7\*slash*8
prev_suf:incur_suf:waprev_word:incurrent_word:ottawa next_word:,
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ngprev_word:'scurrent_word:filing next_word:with
prev_suf:hecur_suf:meprev_word:thecurrent_word:time next_word:.
prev_suf:tocur_suf:shprev_word:tocurrent_word:push next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:tiprev_word:thecurrent_word:cincinnati next_word:company
prev_suf:hecur_suf:inprev_word:thecurrent_word:chain next_word:and
prev_suf:llcur_suf:ldprev_word:willcurrent_word:hold next_word:``
prev_suf:tccur_suf:htprev_word:rtccurrent_word:oversight next_word:and
prev_suf:'scur_suf:nsprev_word:'scurrent_word:allegations next_word:as
prev_suf:orcur_suf:elprev_word:forcurrent_word:drexel next_word:burnham
prev_suf:htcur_suf:typrev_word:broughtcurrent_word:rationality next_word:back
prev_suf:stcur_suf:p.prev_word:trustcurrent_word:corp. next_word:unit
prev_suf:etcur_suf:ngprev_word:marketcurrent_word:reining next_word:them
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:solved next_word:.
prev_suf:idcur_suf:keprev_word:davidcurrent_word:cooke next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ayprev_word:thecurrent_word:subway next_word:called
prev_suf:hecur_suf:amprev_word:thecurrent_word:team next_word:and
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ryprev_word:tocurrent_word:depository next_word:institutions
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:onprev_word:ofcurrent_word:speculation next_word:were
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:ntprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:prevent next_word:another
prev_suf:hecur_suf:usprev_word:thecurrent_word:49,000-plus next_word:seats
prev_suf:acur_suf:ghprev_word:acurrent_word:sigh next_word:of
prev_suf:nocur_suf:onprev_word:nocurrent_word:prediction next_word:about
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:gnprev_word:troublingcurrent_word:sign next_word:of
prev_suf:'scur_suf:tsprev_word:'scurrent_word:shirts next_word:under
prev_suf:tocur_suf:00prev_word:tocurrent_word:6,930,000 next_word:from
prev_suf:incur_suf:dyprev_word:incurrent_word:jeopardy next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ntprev_word:thecurrent_word:current next_word:or
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ngprev_word:indicatedcurrent_word:falling next_word:.
prev_suf:mecur_suf:ndprev_word:somecurrent_word:ground next_word:the
prev_suf:lycur_suf:stprev_word:substantiallycurrent_word:boost next_word:their
prev_suf:rscur_suf:p.prev_word:partnerscurrent_word:l.p. next_word:master
prev_suf:iacur_suf:ltprev_word:gloriacurrent_word:vanderbilt next_word:trademark
prev_suf:nscur_suf:neprev_word:actionscurrent_word:alone next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:zoprev_word:petercurrent_word:dapuzzo next_word:said
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ngprev_word:runnercurrent_word:along next_word:with
prev_suf:chcur_suf:typrev_word:coachcurrent_word:dusty next_word:baker
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:shecurrent_word:studied next_word:at
prev_suf:tocur_suf:erprev_word:tocurrent_word:wherever next_word:its
prev_suf:acur_suf:ckprev_word:acurrent_word:big-stock next_word:rally
prev_suf:uscur_suf:esprev_word:seriouscurrent_word:studies next_word:suggest
prev_suf:icur_suf:veprev_word:icurrent_word:love next_word:'em
prev_suf:acur_suf:typrev_word:acurrent_word:confidentiality next_word:agreement
prev_suf:chcur_suf:erprev_word:muchcurrent_word:prefer next_word:money
prev_suf:itcur_suf:esprev_word:itcurrent_word:opposes next_word:an
prev_suf:rycur_suf:ngprev_word:temporarycurrent_word:working next_word:together
prev_suf:tocur_suf:veprev_word:intocurrent_word:positive next_word:contribution
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:nsprev_word:weekendcurrent_word:predictions next_word:.
prev_suf:iscur_suf:edprev_word:iscurrent_word:opposed next_word:to
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:msprev_word:oldcurrent_word:films next_word:.
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:arecurrent_word:introducing next_word:related
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:``prev_word:STARTcurrent_word:`` next_word:i
prev_suf:hecur_suf:typrev_word:thecurrent_word:validity next_word:of
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:arecurrent_word:approving next_word:of
prev_suf:rscur_suf:reprev_word:investorscurrent_word:everywhere next_word:nervously
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ngprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:rebounding next_word:stocks
prev_suf:iscur_suf:lyprev_word:iscurrent_word:originally next_word:from
prev_suf:uscur_suf:esprev_word:uscurrent_word:believes next_word:the
prev_suf:rkcur_suf:esprev_word:workcurrent_word:values next_word:that
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:believed next_word:the
prev_suf:orcur_suf:erprev_word:directorcurrent_word:webster next_word:'s
prev_suf:hycur_suf:rsprev_word:photographycurrent_word:mirrors next_word:the
prev_suf:acur_suf:teprev_word:acurrent_word:parachute next_word:after
prev_suf:,cur_suf:y.prev_word:,current_word:n.y. next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:werecurrent_word:allowed next_word:on
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:orderscurrent_word:piled next_word:up
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:thecurrent_word:divided next_word:korean
prev_suf:65cur_suf:icprev_word:65current_word:anti-toxic next_word:initiative
prev_suf:edcur_suf:neprev_word:acquiredcurrent_word:immune next_word:deficiency
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ntprev_word:endangeredcurrent_word:elephant next_word:from
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:tsprev_word:andcurrent_word:t-shirts next_word:.
prev_suf:,cur_suf:arprev_word:,current_word:five-year next_word:and
prev_suf:;cur_suf:85prev_word:;current_word:1.8685 next_word:marks
prev_suf:hecur_suf:otprev_word:thecurrent_word:spot next_word:october
prev_suf:alcur_suf:nsprev_word:commercialcurrent_word:applications next_word:.
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ngprev_word:ofcurrent_word:improving next_word:profit
prev_suf:``cur_suf:chprev_word:``current_word:such next_word:family
prev_suf:rscur_suf:esprev_word:bankerscurrent_word:acceptances next_word::
prev_suf:iccur_suf:taprev_word:economiccurrent_word:data next_word:systems
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:rsprev_word:ofcurrent_word:minisupercomputers next_word:for
prev_suf:``cur_suf:alprev_word:``current_word:natural next_word:gas
prev_suf:urcur_suf:esprev_word:fourcurrent_word:varieties next_word:of
prev_suf:alcur_suf:rsprev_word:financialcurrent_word:sectors next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:werecurrent_word:yielding next_word:7.32
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:soprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:so next_word:many
prev_suf:vecur_suf:edprev_word:havecurrent_word:pulled next_word:back
prev_suf:stcur_suf:exprev_word:againstcurrent_word:nynex next_word:workers
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:74prev_word:yieldcurrent_word:12.74 next_word:%
prev_suf:iscur_suf:edprev_word:hiscurrent_word:unsolicited next_word:tender
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ffprev_word:thecurrent_word:sell-off next_word:reflected
prev_suf:alcur_suf:leprev_word:proposalcurrent_word:unacceptable next_word:.
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ngprev_word:hongcurrent_word:kong next_word:,
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:ngprev_word:negligentcurrent_word:hiring next_word:,
prev_suf:tscur_suf:cyprev_word:itscurrent_word:tendency next_word:to
prev_suf:orcur_suf:lyprev_word:orcurrent_word:internationally next_word:...
prev_suf:lycur_suf:erprev_word:surprisinglycurrent_word:lackluster next_word:trading
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:esprev_word:havingcurrent_word:troubles next_word:had
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ngprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:clubbing next_word:a
prev_suf:tecur_suf:nsprev_word:last-minutecurrent_word:creations next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:suspension next_word:of
prev_suf:llcur_suf:edprev_word:stillcurrent_word:troubled next_word:most
prev_suf:emcur_suf:esprev_word:themcurrent_word:parades next_word:that
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:umprev_word:ofcurrent_word:ketchum next_word:advertising
prev_suf:stcur_suf:lyprev_word:justcurrent_word:modestly next_word:higher
prev_suf:$cur_suf:50prev_word:$current_word:5.50 next_word:a
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:nation next_word:.
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:offshorecurrent_word:drilling next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:subordinated next_word:debt
prev_suf:''cur_suf:edprev_word:''current_word:shouted next_word:shearson
prev_suf:hecur_suf:deprev_word:thecurrent_word:foreign-trade next_word:balance
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:quarter next_word:from
prev_suf:acur_suf:edprev_word:acurrent_word:revised next_word:analysts
prev_suf:efcur_suf:orprev_word:chiefcurrent_word:sponsor next_word:is
prev_suf:alcur_suf:teprev_word:conventionalcurrent_word:fixedrate next_word:mortgages
prev_suf:elcur_suf:ngprev_word:levelcurrent_word:suggesting next_word:the
prev_suf:escur_suf:rsprev_word:angelescurrent_word:dodgers next_word:and
prev_suf:hecur_suf:bsprev_word:thecurrent_word:curbs next_word:would
prev_suf:4cur_suf:onprev_word:4current_word:million next_word:in
prev_suf:hecur_suf:thprev_word:thecurrent_word:seventh next_word:avenue
prev_suf:hecur_suf:typrev_word:thecurrent_word:possibility next_word:''
prev_suf:,cur_suf:teprev_word:,current_word:quite next_word:a
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:thecurrent_word:complicated next_word:language
prev_suf:,cur_suf:esprev_word:,current_word:besides next_word:spurring
prev_suf:'scur_suf:laprev_word:'scurrent_word:la-la next_word:activists
prev_suf:obcur_suf:ngprev_word:jobcurrent_word:training next_word:and
prev_suf:mecur_suf:rsprev_word:somecurrent_word:jetliners next_word:.
prev_suf:ascur_suf:ngprev_word:wascurrent_word:collapsing next_word:.
prev_suf:``cur_suf:stprev_word:``current_word:modest next_word:amounts
prev_suf:rdcur_suf:chprev_word:richardcurrent_word:chenevix-trench next_word:,
prev_suf:yscur_suf:onprev_word:sayscurrent_word:gordon next_word:fines
prev_suf:necur_suf:esprev_word:airlinecurrent_word:routes next_word:within
prev_suf:,cur_suf:.7prev_word:,current_word:2029.7 next_word:,
prev_suf:okcur_suf:lsprev_word:lookcurrent_word:reveals next_word:that
prev_suf:hecur_suf:neprev_word:thecurrent_word:one next_word:he
prev_suf:mecur_suf:leprev_word:crimecurrent_word:punishable next_word:by
prev_suf:cecur_suf:teprev_word:voicecurrent_word:vote next_word:was
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:enprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:open next_word:on
prev_suf:hecur_suf:typrev_word:thecurrent_word:city next_word:of
prev_suf:$cur_suf:50prev_word:$current_word:1.50 next_word:a
prev_suf:;cur_suf:2prev_word:;current_word:2 next_word:p.m.
prev_suf:ancur_suf:esprev_word:urbancurrent_word:structures next_word:''
prev_suf:eycur_suf:teprev_word:theycurrent_word:cite next_word:the
prev_suf:idcur_suf:msprev_word:davidcurrent_word:williams next_word:,
prev_suf:bocur_suf:rsprev_word:lbocurrent_word:dealmakers next_word:become
prev_suf:hecur_suf:seprev_word:thecurrent_word:purchase next_word:.
prev_suf:'scur_suf:itprev_word:'scurrent_word:suit next_word:.
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:werecurrent_word:slashed next_word:to
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:tsprev_word:andcurrent_word:specialists next_word:soon
prev_suf:rscur_suf:ngprev_word:lawmakerscurrent_word:representing next_word:established
prev_suf:gecur_suf::prev_word:messagecurrent_word:: next_word:cornel
prev_suf:,cur_suf:n.prev_word:,current_word:conn. next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:thecurrent_word:depressed next_word:new
prev_suf:acur_suf:soprev_word:acurrent_word:so-so next_word:hitter
prev_suf:,cur_suf:reprev_word:,current_word:future next_word:growth
prev_suf:mecur_suf:ctprev_word:troublesomecurrent_word:prospect next_word:,
prev_suf:atcur_suf:ngprev_word:atcurrent_word:addressing next_word:the
prev_suf:hecur_suf:anprev_word:thecurrent_word:san next_word:francisco
prev_suf:ercur_suf:amprev_word:tradercurrent_word:sam next_word:ruiz
prev_suf:etcur_suf:edprev_word:streetcurrent_word:turned next_word:down
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:ntprev_word:governmentcurrent_word:argument next_word:.
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ayprev_word:,current_word:say next_word:applied
prev_suf:omcur_suf:erprev_word:fromcurrent_word:financier next_word:donald
prev_suf:ancur_suf:eyprev_word:morgancurrent_word:stanley next_word:shopkorn
prev_suf:eecur_suf:edprev_word:foreseecurrent_word:uninterrupted next_word:economic
prev_suf:eycur_suf:awprev_word:theycurrent_word:saw next_word:the
prev_suf:tscur_suf:atprev_word:combatantscurrent_word:sat next_word:quietly
prev_suf:hecur_suf:leprev_word:thecurrent_word:fashionable next_word:delivery
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:umprev_word:oaklandcurrent_word:coliseum next_word:before
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:deprev_word:puttingcurrent_word:aside next_word:by
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:hascurrent_word:instructed next_word:management
prev_suf:encur_suf:seprev_word:encurrent_word:masse next_word:.
prev_suf:llcur_suf:dsprev_word:billcurrent_word:intends next_word:to
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:keprev_word:andcurrent_word:take next_word:barry
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ngprev_word:customercurrent_word:wanting next_word:to
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.7prev_word:$current_word:283.7 next_word:million
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:edprev_word:hongcurrent_word:kong-based next_word:baring
prev_suf:ercur_suf:erprev_word:computercurrent_word:printer next_word:manufacturing
prev_suf:hecur_suf:teprev_word:thecurrent_word:opposite next_word:of
prev_suf:ancur_suf:stprev_word:ancurrent_word:analyst next_word:at
prev_suf:tocur_suf:eeprev_word:tocurrent_word:knee next_word:surgery
prev_suf:llcur_suf:esprev_word:fullcurrent_word:pages next_word:and
prev_suf:htcur_suf:erprev_word:soughtcurrent_word:honecker next_word:.
prev_suf:orcur_suf:erprev_word:forcurrent_word:stouffer next_word:food
prev_suf:,cur_suf:b.prev_word:,current_word:neb. next_word:,
prev_suf:ancur_suf:geprev_word:ancurrent_word:average next_word:had
prev_suf:skcur_suf:veprev_word:diskcurrent_word:drive next_word:to
prev_suf:secur_suf:ysprev_word:housecurrent_word:ways next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:rsprev_word:andcurrent_word:jitters next_word:had
prev_suf:rncur_suf:ryprev_word:turncurrent_word:jittery next_word:about
prev_suf:mscur_suf:nkprev_word:firmscurrent_word:link next_word:analysts
prev_suf:,cur_suf:s.prev_word:,current_word:mass. next_word:,
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ltprev_word:ofcurrent_word:salt next_word:lake
prev_suf:ercur_suf:typrev_word:suffercurrent_word:liquidity next_word:;
prev_suf:mecur_suf:rsprev_word:somecurrent_word:forecasters next_word:to
prev_suf:rkcur_suf:wsprev_word:right-to-workcurrent_word:laws next_word:,
prev_suf:thcur_suf:ngprev_word:withcurrent_word:walking next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ntprev_word:thecurrent_word:coupon-equivalent next_word:yield
prev_suf:ancur_suf:veprev_word:ancurrent_word:aggressive next_word:easing
prev_suf:hecur_suf:gsprev_word:thecurrent_word:urgings next_word:of
prev_suf:tocur_suf:owprev_word:tocurrent_word:slow next_word:down
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:going next_word:to
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:dsprev_word:andcurrent_word:blinds next_word:,
prev_suf:iccur_suf:alprev_word:specificcurrent_word:congressional next_word:staffers
prev_suf:hecur_suf:teprev_word:thecurrent_word:dispute next_word:with
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:ntprev_word:quickcurrent_word:600-point next_word:drop
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:osprev_word:andcurrent_word:lbos next_word:on
prev_suf:tocur_suf:owprev_word:tocurrent_word:borrow next_word:heavily
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:edprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:worried next_word:that
prev_suf:ercur_suf:erprev_word:managercurrent_word:roger next_word:streeter
prev_suf:``cur_suf:reprev_word:``current_word:where next_word:decision-making
prev_suf:htcur_suf:onprev_word:nightcurrent_word:vision next_word:equipment
prev_suf:eecur_suf:ryprev_word:kneecurrent_word:surgery next_word:.
prev_suf:itcur_suf:esprev_word:itcurrent_word:dives next_word:beneath
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:immediatelycurrent_word:jumped next_word:sharply
prev_suf:idcur_suf:esprev_word:saidcurrent_word:representatives next_word:and
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ipprev_word:itscurrent_word:sponsorship next_word:of
prev_suf:acur_suf:auprev_word:acurrent_word:bureau next_word:of
prev_suf:stcur_suf:bsprev_word:lostcurrent_word:jobs next_word:.
prev_suf:lscur_suf:reprev_word:billscurrent_word:mature next_word:as
prev_suf:iscur_suf:enprev_word:hiscurrent_word:screen next_word:was
prev_suf:hecur_suf:etprev_word:thecurrent_word:supermarket next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:teprev_word:tocurrent_word:concentrate next_word:on
prev_suf:tscur_suf:stprev_word:itscurrent_word:second-worst next_word:drop
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:concentrated next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:stprev_word:tocurrent_word:oust next_word:dataproducts
prev_suf:chcur_suf:nyprev_word:whichcurrent_word:many next_word:shares
prev_suf:--cur_suf:30prev_word:--current_word:1:30 next_word:,
prev_suf:lecur_suf:alprev_word:ibm-compatiblecurrent_word:personal next_word:computers
prev_suf:nocur_suf:onprev_word:nocurrent_word:expression next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ctprev_word:thecurrent_word:now-defunct next_word:defense
prev_suf:eecur_suf:fsprev_word:threecurrent_word:politico-plaintiffs next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.4prev_word:$current_word:580.4 next_word:million
prev_suf:19cur_suf:leprev_word:19current_word:article next_word:was
prev_suf:,cur_suf:alprev_word:,current_word:aerial next_word:,
prev_suf:alcur_suf:rsprev_word:officialcurrent_word:considers next_word:the
prev_suf:tocur_suf:chprev_word:tocurrent_word:stretch next_word:his
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:stprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:west next_word:point-pepperell
prev_suf:s.cur_suf:esprev_word:u.s.current_word:airlines next_word:,
prev_suf:stcur_suf:deprev_word:mustcurrent_word:concede next_word:that
prev_suf:ancur_suf:onprev_word:lehmancurrent_word:hutton next_word:.
prev_suf:eycur_suf:edprev_word:theycurrent_word:combined next_word:group
prev_suf:dycur_suf:tsprev_word:nobodycurrent_word:wants next_word:to
prev_suf:llcur_suf:leprev_word:willcurrent_word:enable next_word:united
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:formed next_word:enron
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ngprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:curbing next_word:wage
prev_suf:tecur_suf:osprev_word:black-and-whitecurrent_word:photos next_word:ever
prev_suf:eycur_suf:veprev_word:theycurrent_word:observe next_word:them
prev_suf:,cur_suf:erprev_word:,current_word:former next_word:general
prev_suf:bycur_suf:ntprev_word:bycurrent_word:consultant next_word:david
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ngprev_word:ofcurrent_word:engineering next_word:gives
prev_suf:iccur_suf:ceprev_word:publiccurrent_word:conveyance next_word:than
prev_suf:ircur_suf:esprev_word:theircurrent_word:policies next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:newspaper next_word:reported
prev_suf:etcur_suf:onprev_word:marketcurrent_word:situation next_word:``
prev_suf:ancur_suf:umprev_word:alcancurrent_word:aluminium next_word:and
prev_suf:uncur_suf:tsprev_word:short-runcurrent_word:twists next_word:and
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.2prev_word:$current_word:642.2 next_word:million
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:reallycurrent_word:spooked next_word:the
prev_suf:stcur_suf:gyprev_word:biggestcurrent_word:technology next_word:division
prev_suf:'mcur_suf:ngprev_word:'mcurrent_word:rooting next_word:for
prev_suf:ercur_suf:wnprev_word:computercurrent_word:breakdown next_word:of
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:reprev_word:andcurrent_word:singapore next_word:took
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:boosted next_word:its
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ttprev_word:ofcurrent_word:cluett next_word:had
prev_suf:tocur_suf:teprev_word:tocurrent_word:deflate next_word:efforts
prev_suf:etcur_suf:onprev_word:assetcurrent_word:allocation next_word:in
prev_suf:,cur_suf:isprev_word:,current_word:harris next_word:upham
prev_suf:incur_suf:taprev_word:incurrent_word:costa next_word:rica
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:tsprev_word:significantcurrent_word:costs next_word:and
prev_suf:alcur_suf:onprev_word:socialcurrent_word:dimension next_word:''
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:summer next_word:'s
prev_suf:encur_suf:edprev_word:thencurrent_word:steamed next_word:forward
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:ngprev_word:stockcurrent_word:being next_word:considered
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:rest next_word:of
prev_suf:'scur_suf:lyprev_word:'scurrent_word:weekly next_word:treasury
prev_suf:omcur_suf:68prev_word:fromcurrent_word:26.68 next_word:billion
prev_suf:mecur_suf:ndprev_word:timecurrent_word:around next_word:since
prev_suf:ercur_suf:icprev_word:customercurrent_word:traffic next_word:,
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ceprev_word:ofcurrent_word:preference next_word:units
prev_suf:wncur_suf:edprev_word:breakdowncurrent_word:disrupted next_word:trading
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ldprev_word:'scurrent_word:world next_word:'s
prev_suf:tocur_suf:reprev_word:tocurrent_word:snare next_word:a
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:elprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:intel next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:erprev_word:bettercurrent_word:split-finger next_word:than
prev_suf:$cur_suf:50prev_word:$current_word:11.50 next_word:a
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:hyprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:mcclatchy next_word:publishes
prev_suf:,cur_suf:lyprev_word:,current_word:beverly next_word:hills
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:64prev_word:andcurrent_word:64 next_word:cents
prev_suf:ancur_suf:edprev_word:ancurrent_word:rtc-owned next_word:bank
prev_suf:lecur_suf:eyprev_word:littlecurrent_word:goosey next_word:over
prev_suf:acur_suf:ryprev_word:acurrent_word:satisfactory next_word:return
prev_suf:uncur_suf:hyprev_word:shuncurrent_word:pushy next_word:ads
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ksprev_word:hecurrent_word:thinks next_word:is
prev_suf:udcur_suf:lsprev_word:hudcurrent_word:scandals next_word:is
prev_suf:dacur_suf:50prev_word:canadacurrent_word:13.50 next_word:%
prev_suf:idcur_suf:esprev_word:vividcurrent_word:memories next_word:of
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:isprev_word:presidentcurrent_word:francois next_word:mitterrand
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:ntprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:contingent next_word:debt
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:power next_word:to
prev_suf:rycur_suf:nsprev_word:industrycurrent_word:retains next_word:support
prev_suf:``cur_suf:ipprev_word:``current_word:leadership next_word:on
prev_suf:,cur_suf:esprev_word:,current_word:executives next_word:claiming
prev_suf:rycur_suf:erprev_word:barrycurrent_word:schrager next_word:.
prev_suf:acur_suf:neprev_word:acurrent_word:stone next_word:,
prev_suf:acur_suf:geprev_word:acurrent_word:package next_word:.
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ryprev_word:computercurrent_word:industry next_word:said
prev_suf:eycur_suf:ctprev_word:mckinneycurrent_word:act next_word:as
prev_suf:escur_suf:onprev_word:charlescurrent_word:johnston next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:anprev_word:thecurrent_word:mean next_word:ol'
prev_suf:vecur_suf:ngprev_word:initiativecurrent_word:fundraising next_word:game
prev_suf:sscur_suf:edprev_word:congresscurrent_word:informed next_word:.
prev_suf:stcur_suf:utprev_word:latestcurrent_word:crewcut next_word:in
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ssprev_word:thecurrent_word:homeless next_word:.
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:alprev_word:andcurrent_word:financial next_word:officer
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.7prev_word:$current_word:450.7 next_word:million
prev_suf:utcur_suf:erprev_word:aboutcurrent_word:her next_word:way
prev_suf:escur_suf:iaprev_word:accusescurrent_word:philadelphia next_word:and
prev_suf:rmcur_suf:anprev_word:long-termcurrent_word:brazilian next_word:loans
prev_suf:socur_suf:dsprev_word:alsocurrent_word:recommends next_word:nonchlorinated
prev_suf:tocur_suf:teprev_word:tocurrent_word:complete next_word:darkroom
prev_suf:cycur_suf:hiprev_word:agencycurrent_word:saatchi next_word:co.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.1prev_word:$current_word:103.1 next_word:million
prev_suf:alcur_suf:onprev_word:eventualcurrent_word:elimination next_word:of
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:esprev_word:parallel-computingcurrent_word:technologies next_word:to
prev_suf:kecur_suf:esprev_word:makecurrent_word:housewives next_word:look
prev_suf:iccur_suf:ngprev_word:paniccurrent_word:buying next_word:of
prev_suf:``cur_suf:llprev_word:``current_word:pull next_word:off
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:shprev_word:andcurrent_word:rush next_word:to
prev_suf:incur_suf:erprev_word:incurrent_word:october next_word:delivery
prev_suf:oocur_suf:typrev_word:toocurrent_word:dirty next_word:.
prev_suf:utcur_suf:lyprev_word:butcurrent_word:politically next_word:important
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:eeprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:agree next_word:to
prev_suf:tscur_suf:edprev_word:itscurrent_word:detailed next_word:request
prev_suf:'dcur_suf:neprev_word:'dcurrent_word:gone next_word:better
prev_suf:ircur_suf:ipprev_word:theircurrent_word:citizenship next_word:,
prev_suf:nkcur_suf:agprev_word:commerzbankcurrent_word:ag next_word:.
prev_suf:acur_suf:inprev_word:acurrent_word:certain next_word:niche
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:stealing next_word:a
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:anprev_word:havingcurrent_word:an next_word:estimated
prev_suf:ffcur_suf:asprev_word:offcurrent_word:as next_word:his
prev_suf:amcur_suf:auprev_word:williamcurrent_word:au next_word:yeung
prev_suf:utcur_suf:atprev_word:bailoutcurrent_word:at next_word:applied
prev_suf:encur_suf:ksprev_word:sevencurrent_word:walks next_word:and
prev_suf:nscur_suf:edprev_word:patronscurrent_word:watched next_word:rate
prev_suf:ancur_suf:75prev_word:japancurrent_word:4.875 next_word:%
prev_suf:lycur_suf:neprev_word:similarlycurrent_word:sanguine next_word:.
prev_suf:rycur_suf:htprev_word:verycurrent_word:tight next_word:book
prev_suf:tycur_suf:ipprev_word:majoritycurrent_word:whip next_word:william
prev_suf:utcur_suf:ssprev_word:butcurrent_word:congress next_word:to
prev_suf:escur_suf:a.prev_word:jamescurrent_word:a. next_word:and
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ryprev_word:,current_word:terry next_word:'s
prev_suf:tocur_suf:llprev_word:tocurrent_word:resell next_word:in
prev_suf:incur_suf:ngprev_word:incurrent_word:shipping next_word:a
prev_suf:hncur_suf:ieprev_word:johncurrent_word:crosbie next_word:said
prev_suf:,cur_suf:exprev_word:,current_word:deminex next_word:sumatra
prev_suf:oncur_suf:usprev_word:billioncurrent_word:omnibus next_word:housing
prev_suf:kscur_suf:icprev_word:stockscurrent_word:mimic next_word:the
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ssprev_word:forcurrent_word:mass next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:original next_word:announcement
prev_suf:thcur_suf:16prev_word:withcurrent_word:7.16 next_word:%
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:erprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:consider next_word:gap
prev_suf:atcur_suf:edprev_word:thatcurrent_word:caused next_word:when
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:restated next_word:,
prev_suf:alcur_suf:ssprev_word:proceduralcurrent_word:fairness next_word:,
prev_suf:incur_suf:ngprev_word:bargaincurrent_word:hunting next_word:had
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:tvprev_word:newcurrent_word:tv next_word:commercials
prev_suf:lecur_suf:toprev_word:obstaclecurrent_word:to next_word:an
prev_suf:incur_suf:seprev_word:incurrent_word:case next_word:may
prev_suf:,cur_suf:f.prev_word:,current_word:calif. next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ntprev_word:thecurrent_word:appointment next_word:of
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:returned next_word:to
prev_suf:uecur_suf:07prev_word:duecurrent_word:2003\*slash*2007 next_word:ended
prev_suf:hecur_suf:00prev_word:thecurrent_word:11,700 next_word:machinists
prev_suf:lycur_suf:leprev_word:generallycurrent_word:manageable next_word:.
prev_suf:alcur_suf:onprev_word:abnormalcurrent_word:condition next_word:,
prev_suf:cycur_suf:`prev_word:agencycurrent_word:` next_word:wow
prev_suf:thcur_suf:leprev_word:withcurrent_word:cable next_word:news
prev_suf:tycur_suf:edprev_word:partycurrent_word:joined next_word:applied
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:t.prev_word:andcurrent_word:t. next_word:foote
prev_suf:tocur_suf:stprev_word:tocurrent_word:adjust next_word:or
prev_suf:acur_suf:llprev_word:acurrent_word:small next_word:percentage
prev_suf:mecur_suf:erprev_word:five-gamecurrent_word:dodger next_word:slugger
prev_suf:mecur_suf:nkprev_word:incomecurrent_word:sank next_word:45.66
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:past next_word:,
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ssprev_word:cancurrent_word:pass next_word:under
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ntprev_word:thecurrent_word:investment next_word:banker
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:arprev_word:andcurrent_word:menswear next_word:through
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:onprev_word:secondcurrent_word:section next_word:fell
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:noprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:gitano next_word:recently
prev_suf:escur_suf:erprev_word:charlescurrent_word:schumer next_word:(
prev_suf:orcur_suf:tsprev_word:forcurrent_word:scientists next_word:have
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ipprev_word:semiconductorcurrent_word:microchip next_word:a
prev_suf:incur_suf:stprev_word:incurrent_word:contrast next_word:to
prev_suf:edcur_suf:llprev_word:orderedcurrent_word:full next_word:diplomatic
prev_suf:wncur_suf:.4prev_word:downcurrent_word:5.4 next_word:%
prev_suf:lecur_suf:rsprev_word:disposablecurrent_word:diapers next_word:,
prev_suf:lfcur_suf:rsprev_word:halfcurrent_word:hours next_word:.
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:buzzing next_word:with
prev_suf:hecur_suf:shprev_word:thecurrent_word:backlash next_word:.
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:yeprev_word:andcurrent_word:popeye next_word:'s
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ceprev_word:,current_word:experience next_word:.
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:orprev_word:ofcurrent_word:prior next_word:management
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ckprev_word:'scurrent_word:pick next_word:up
prev_suf:rycur_suf:onprev_word:temporarycurrent_word:cessation next_word:of
prev_suf:'scur_suf:edprev_word:'scurrent_word:followed next_word:a
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ngprev_word:hangcurrent_word:seng next_word:index
prev_suf:tscur_suf:teprev_word:analystscurrent_word:estimate next_word:that
prev_suf:tocur_suf:50prev_word:tocurrent_word:850 next_word:face
prev_suf:,cur_suf:umprev_word:,current_word:petroleum next_word:development
prev_suf:ancur_suf:nnprev_word:bryancurrent_word:o'linn next_word:had
prev_suf:escur_suf:ngprev_word:celebritiescurrent_word:pitching next_word:jeans
prev_suf:s.cur_suf:6prev_word:nos.current_word:6 next_word:3\*slash*4
prev_suf:arcur_suf:reprev_word:farcurrent_word:more next_word:than
prev_suf:hecur_suf:nyprev_word:thecurrent_word:company next_word:expects
prev_suf:stcur_suf:onprev_word:leastcurrent_word:emission next_word:,
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:recentlycurrent_word:tested next_word:the
prev_suf:otcur_suf:ngprev_word:notcurrent_word:keeping next_word:the
prev_suf:alcur_suf:ceprev_word:rationalcurrent_word:science next_word:and
prev_suf:socur_suf:ntprev_word:alsocurrent_word:sent next_word:a
prev_suf:p.cur_suf:anprev_word:j.p.current_word:morgan next_word:stanley
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ptprev_word:tocurrent_word:prompt next_word:them
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:ptprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:accept next_word:friday
prev_suf:alcur_suf:mnprev_word:perpetualcurrent_word:autumn next_word:,
prev_suf:odcur_suf:seprev_word:goodcurrent_word:sense next_word:to
prev_suf:hecur_suf:geprev_word:thecurrent_word:huge next_word:losses
prev_suf:ircur_suf:veprev_word:theircurrent_word:respective next_word:boards
prev_suf:upcur_suf:esprev_word:upcurrent_word:equities next_word:would
prev_suf:gecur_suf:edprev_word:judgecurrent_word:dismissed next_word:a
prev_suf:'scur_suf:gsprev_word:'scurrent_word:earnings next_word:,
prev_suf:mecur_suf:edprev_word:regimecurrent_word:relinquished next_word:power
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ntprev_word:,current_word:plant next_word:relocations
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:19-member next_word:cabinet
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ulprev_word:,current_word:seoul next_word:and
prev_suf:hncur_suf:inprev_word:johncurrent_word:perrin next_word:.
prev_suf:bycur_suf:esprev_word:bycurrent_word:waves next_word:of
prev_suf:,cur_suf:icprev_word:,current_word:authentic next_word:representative
prev_suf:escur_suf:leprev_word:messagescurrent_word:resemble next_word:the
prev_suf:incur_suf:ngprev_word:lincurrent_word:broadcasting next_word:concern
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:iaprev_word:andcurrent_word:media next_word:of
prev_suf:imcur_suf:edprev_word:victimcurrent_word:replied next_word:,
prev_suf:vcur_suf:edprev_word:vcurrent_word:installed next_word:a
prev_suf:ascur_suf:tsprev_word:ascurrent_word:resorts next_word:international
prev_suf:eecur_suf:deprev_word:wait-and-seecurrent_word:attitude next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:erprev_word:andcurrent_word:paper next_word::
prev_suf:adcur_suf:ttprev_word:hadcurrent_word:scott next_word:stanley
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:nsprev_word:showingcurrent_word:signs next_word:of
prev_suf:$cur_suf:96prev_word:$current_word:496 next_word:million
prev_suf:tocur_suf:tsprev_word:intocurrent_word:its next_word:controlling
prev_suf:acur_suf:ayprev_word:acurrent_word:365-day next_word:year
prev_suf:iscur_suf:edprev_word:iscurrent_word:laced next_word:with
prev_suf:escur_suf:lyprev_word:pricescurrent_word:rapidly next_word:turned
prev_suf:omcur_suf:.3prev_word:fromcurrent_word:222.3 next_word:in
prev_suf:,cur_suf:laprev_word:,current_word:manila next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:reprev_word:thecurrent_word:entire next_word:restaurant
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:erprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:skipper next_word:'s
prev_suf:hocur_suf:teprev_word:whocurrent_word:speculate next_word:in
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ngprev_word:forcurrent_word:coping next_word:with
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ysprev_word:'scurrent_word:always next_word:represent
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ntprev_word:loancurrent_word:repayment next_word:or
prev_suf:ascur_suf:ndprev_word:hascurrent_word:found next_word:guilty
prev_suf:alcur_suf:nsprev_word:technicalcurrent_word:reactions next_word:,
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:ndprev_word:newcurrent_word:england next_word:subsidiary
prev_suf:;cur_suf:ceprev_word:;current_word:reduce next_word:its
prev_suf:tecur_suf:rsprev_word:corporatecurrent_word:advertisers next_word:try
prev_suf:ascur_suf:onprev_word:texascurrent_word:operation next_word:.
prev_suf:mecur_suf:anprev_word:somecurrent_word:nicaraguan next_word:rebels
prev_suf:ascur_suf:*8prev_word:wascurrent_word:5\*slash*8 next_word:%
prev_suf:atcur_suf:lyprev_word:whatcurrent_word:really next_word:spooked
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:usprev_word:experiencingcurrent_word:anxious next_word:times
prev_suf:recur_suf:gyprev_word:purecurrent_word:psychology next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.8prev_word:$current_word:20.8 next_word:million
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.9prev_word:$current_word:20.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:etcur_suf:chprev_word:marketcurrent_word:research next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:werecurrent_word:plotting next_word:out
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ayprev_word:andcurrent_word:highway next_word:accounts
prev_suf:edcur_suf:lyprev_word:startedcurrent_word:nervously next_word:eyed
prev_suf:vecur_suf:enprev_word:havecurrent_word:risen next_word:without
prev_suf:ascur_suf:amprev_word:wascurrent_word:bedlam next_word:on
prev_suf:escur_suf:lsprev_word:seescurrent_word:pitfalls next_word:of
prev_suf:$cur_suf:75prev_word:$current_word:10.75 next_word:a
prev_suf:cecur_suf:esprev_word:pricecurrent_word:rises next_word:.
prev_suf:tscur_suf:enprev_word:itscurrent_word:mcchicken next_word:sandwich
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:definition next_word:of
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:retained next_word:early
prev_suf:,cur_suf:orprev_word:,current_word:major next_word:options
prev_suf:adcur_suf:edprev_word:hadcurrent_word:slipped next_word:from
prev_suf:$cur_suf:03prev_word:$current_word:6.03 next_word:billion
prev_suf:lecur_suf:erprev_word:favorablecurrent_word:number next_word:of
prev_suf:,cur_suf:75prev_word:,current_word:975 next_word:to
prev_suf:hocur_suf:dsprev_word:whocurrent_word:heads next_word:trading
prev_suf:sscur_suf:geprev_word:excesscurrent_word:leverage next_word:over
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:onprev_word:andcurrent_word:introduction next_word:costs
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:lyprev_word:manufacturingcurrent_word:moderately next_word:higher
prev_suf:escur_suf:ntprev_word:yvescurrent_word:saint next_word:laurent
prev_suf:$cur_suf:99prev_word:$current_word:5.99 next_word:billion
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:hecurrent_word:interviewed next_word:mr.
prev_suf:rmcur_suf:onprev_word:long-termcurrent_word:appreciation next_word:.
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:iaprev_word:andcurrent_word:pennsylvania next_word:who
prev_suf:vacur_suf:edprev_word:genevacurrent_word:determined next_word:by
prev_suf:alcur_suf:enprev_word:commercialcurrent_word:fishermen next_word:prior
prev_suf:upcur_suf:91prev_word:upcurrent_word:0.91 next_word:.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.3prev_word:$current_word:154.3 next_word:million
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:rsprev_word:ofcurrent_word:refrigerators next_word:and
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ngprev_word:ofcurrent_word:precipitating next_word:another
prev_suf:tocur_suf:llprev_word:tocurrent_word:sell next_word:three
prev_suf:vecur_suf:24prev_word:collectivecurrent_word:5-for-24 next_word:here
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:69prev_word:risingcurrent_word:618.69 next_word:points
prev_suf:tccur_suf:soprev_word:rtccurrent_word:also next_word:professes
prev_suf:tscur_suf:alprev_word:itscurrent_word:internal next_word:pressure
prev_suf:chcur_suf:ayprev_word:whichcurrent_word:play next_word:the
prev_suf:socur_suf:lyprev_word:socurrent_word:swiftly next_word:.
prev_suf:edcur_suf:typrev_word:reducedcurrent_word:affordability next_word:can
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:anprev_word:financingcurrent_word:plan next_word:would
prev_suf:oncur_suf:dsprev_word:washingtoncurrent_word:understands next_word:politics
prev_suf:acur_suf:leprev_word:acurrent_word:1987-style next_word:crash
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:hecurrent_word:sometimes next_word:bites
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:erprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:cover next_word:all
prev_suf:oncur_suf:thprev_word:oncurrent_word:three-month next_word:strike
prev_suf:acur_suf:elprev_word:acurrent_word:barrel next_word:for
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ldprev_word:andcurrent_word:gold next_word:toe
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:defended next_word:its
prev_suf:hecur_suf:aqprev_word:thecurrent_word:nasdaq next_word:'s
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:onprev_word:tradingcurrent_word:session next_word:,
prev_suf:uscur_suf:ctprev_word:perniciouscurrent_word:impact next_word:of
prev_suf:wncur_suf:orprev_word:little-knowncurrent_word:indicator next_word:,
prev_suf:acur_suf:umprev_word:acurrent_word:ho-hum next_word:matter
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:thecurrent_word:failed next_word:coup
prev_suf:oncur_suf:typrev_word:oncurrent_word:equity next_word:.
prev_suf:vecur_suf:baprev_word:removecurrent_word:cuba next_word:'s
prev_suf:cocur_suf:tsprev_word:franciscocurrent_word:giants next_word:hope
prev_suf:atcur_suf:38prev_word:atcurrent_word:2657.38 next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:thprev_word:thecurrent_word:ninth next_word:,
prev_suf:socur_suf:lyprev_word:socurrent_word:closely next_word:held
prev_suf:thcur_suf:rsprev_word:withcurrent_word:reporters next_word:,
prev_suf:gecur_suf:msprev_word:brokeragecurrent_word:firms next_word:told
prev_suf:owcur_suf:ltprev_word:arrowcurrent_word:tumult next_word:is
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ryprev_word:thecurrent_word:cry next_word:was
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:banking next_word:co
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:32prev_word:yieldingcurrent_word:7.32 next_word:%
prev_suf:hecur_suf:etprev_word:thecurrent_word:set next_word:growth
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:36prev_word:ofcurrent_word:7.36 next_word:%
prev_suf:ascur_suf:37prev_word:wascurrent_word:7.37 next_word:%
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:35prev_word:ofcurrent_word:7.35 next_word:%
prev_suf:tocur_suf:lmprev_word:tocurrent_word:overwhelm next_word:the
prev_suf:lacur_suf:tsprev_word:la-lacurrent_word:activists next_word:said
prev_suf:omcur_suf:upprev_word:fromcurrent_word:startup next_word:and
prev_suf:tocur_suf:eeprev_word:tocurrent_word:see next_word:panic
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ecprev_word:thecurrent_word:sec next_word:,
prev_suf:thcur_suf:eaprev_word:northcurrent_word:sea next_word:of
prev_suf:tocur_suf:#prev_word:tocurrent_word:# next_word:18.98
prev_suf:edcur_suf:tsprev_word:dampenedcurrent_word:spirits next_word:in
prev_suf:alcur_suf:erprev_word:practicalcurrent_word:matter next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ieprev_word:blockbustercurrent_word:movie next_word:hits
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:lyprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:currently next_word:has
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:fullycurrent_word:diluted next_word:basis
prev_suf:hecur_suf:dcprev_word:thecurrent_word:nrdc next_word:and
prev_suf:thcur_suf:leprev_word:monthcurrent_word:available next_word:to
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:hecurrent_word:targeted next_word:at
prev_suf:acur_suf:typrev_word:acurrent_word:three-party next_word:non-socialist
prev_suf:imcur_suf:ndprev_word:interimcurrent_word:dividend next_word:.
prev_suf:tscur_suf:reprev_word:itscurrent_word:legislature next_word:.
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:tsprev_word:andcurrent_word:prospects next_word:during
prev_suf:bycur_suf:stprev_word:bycurrent_word:last next_word:november
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:onprev_word:kentcurrent_word:colton next_word:of
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:alprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:influential next_word:members
prev_suf:thcur_suf:lyprev_word:withcurrent_word:barely next_word:a
prev_suf:wncur_suf:64prev_word:downcurrent_word:1.64 next_word:shortly
prev_suf:orcur_suf:rmprev_word:forcurrent_word:long-term next_word:deposits
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:veprev_word:andcurrent_word:approve next_word:leveraged
prev_suf:hecur_suf:umprev_word:thecurrent_word:pendulum next_word:is
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:llprev_word:openingcurrent_word:bell next_word:atlantic
prev_suf:oncur_suf:anprev_word:millioncurrent_word:loan next_word:which
prev_suf:ancur_suf:typrev_word:europeancurrent_word:community next_word:should
prev_suf:--cur_suf:shprev_word:--current_word:scottish next_word:amicable
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:dallas-based next_word:national
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:publishing next_word:stories
prev_suf:gecur_suf:rsprev_word:mortgagecurrent_word:originators next_word:,
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:profitcurrent_word:surged next_word:upward
prev_suf:rscur_suf:ceprev_word:motorscurrent_word:acceptance next_word:corp.
prev_suf:yscur_suf:eyprev_word:sayscurrent_word:geoffrey next_word:h.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:25prev_word:$current_word:22.125 next_word:,
prev_suf:ancur_suf:meprev_word:ancurrent_word:extreme next_word:position
prev_suf:wocur_suf:tsprev_word:twocurrent_word:combatants next_word:sat
prev_suf:jrcur_suf:coprev_word:rjrcurrent_word:nabisco next_word:pays
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:reprev_word:andcurrent_word:fire next_word:suppressants
prev_suf:rdcur_suf:anprev_word:edwardcurrent_word:eskandarian next_word:,
prev_suf:kecur_suf:ndprev_word:strikecurrent_word:fund next_word:is
prev_suf:decur_suf:veprev_word:tradecurrent_word:representative next_word:''
prev_suf:atcur_suf:edprev_word:thatcurrent_word:spearheaded next_word:the
prev_suf:iscur_suf:inprev_word:iscurrent_word:uncertain next_word:as
prev_suf:thcur_suf:htprev_word:fifthcurrent_word:straight next_word:monthly
prev_suf:utcur_suf:edprev_word:withoutcurrent_word:expanded next_word:federal
prev_suf:alcur_suf:etprev_word:federalcurrent_word:budget next_word:director
prev_suf:llcur_suf:veprev_word:willcurrent_word:receive next_word:1.25
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:arecurrent_word:owed next_word:to
prev_suf:acur_suf:ndprev_word:acurrent_word:pound next_word:.
prev_suf:becur_suf:ngprev_word:becurrent_word:hoping next_word:that
prev_suf:mecur_suf:ngprev_word:somecurrent_word:backing next_word:mr.
prev_suf:yscur_suf:enprev_word:sayscurrent_word:owen next_word:b.
prev_suf:alcur_suf:rsprev_word:generalcurrent_word:motors next_word:and
prev_suf:incur_suf:kaprev_word:incurrent_word:alaska next_word:and
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:35prev_word:losingcurrent_word:35 next_word:%
prev_suf:ancur_suf:leprev_word:thancurrent_word:triple next_word:recent
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:maprev_word:andcurrent_word:tacoma next_word:(
prev_suf:,cur_suf:laprev_word:,current_word:coca-cola next_word:co.
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:polandcurrent_word:renounced next_word:their
prev_suf:ancur_suf:neprev_word:leancurrent_word:cuisine next_word:.
prev_suf:thcur_suf:eyprev_word:smithcurrent_word:barney next_word:,
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:anprev_word:newcurrent_word:savings-and-loan next_word:holding
prev_suf:ercur_suf:laprev_word:aftercurrent_word:barilla next_word:group
prev_suf:arcur_suf:erprev_word:farcurrent_word:shorter next_word:--
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:thecurrent_word:philadelphia-based next_word:company
prev_suf:thcur_suf:lyprev_word:withcurrent_word:virtually next_word:all
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ngprev_word:depositscurrent_word:resulting next_word:in
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:investorscurrent_word:flooded next_word:the
prev_suf:acur_suf:veprev_word:acurrent_word:comprehensive next_word:labor
prev_suf:itcur_suf:arprev_word:unlitcurrent_word:cigar next_word:and
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:edprev_word:ofcurrent_word:milwaukee-based next_word:manpower
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:lsprev_word:recentcurrent_word:levels next_word:but
prev_suf:umcur_suf:psprev_word:quantumcurrent_word:leaps next_word:in
prev_suf:ulcur_suf:coprev_word:powerfulcurrent_word:tobacco next_word:industry
prev_suf:incur_suf:ntprev_word:incurrent_word:recent next_word:years
prev_suf:nycur_suf:onprev_word:anycurrent_word:person next_word:to
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:erprev_word:ofcurrent_word:grower next_word:states
prev_suf:)cur_suf:d.prev_word:)current_word:ltd. next_word:,
prev_suf:llcur_suf:seprev_word:willcurrent_word:comprise next_word:all
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:red-haired next_word:oakland
prev_suf:tocur_suf:veprev_word:tocurrent_word:salve next_word:the
prev_suf:w.cur_suf:stprev_word:w.current_word:forrest next_word:,
prev_suf:necur_suf:toprev_word:donecurrent_word:unto next_word:themselves
prev_suf:tocur_suf:onprev_word:tocurrent_word:execution next_word:of
prev_suf:'scur_suf:cyprev_word:'scurrent_word:relevancy next_word:to
prev_suf:ircur_suf:nsprev_word:theircurrent_word:conclusions next_word:.
prev_suf:necur_suf:tsprev_word:magazinecurrent_word:advertisements next_word:feature
prev_suf:edcur_suf:lsprev_word:mixedcurrent_word:signals next_word:for
prev_suf:etcur_suf:tsprev_word:yetcurrent_word:parents next_word:for
prev_suf:bycur_suf:onprev_word:bycurrent_word:location next_word:.
prev_suf:,cur_suf:eyprev_word:,current_word:sydney next_word:'s
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.9prev_word:$current_word:76.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:lecur_suf:edprev_word:littlecurrent_word:surprised next_word:if
prev_suf:escur_suf:amprev_word:includescurrent_word:putnam next_word:cos.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:anprev_word:thecurrent_word:indonesian next_word:state
prev_suf:incur_suf:iaprev_word:incurrent_word:australia next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:msprev_word:thecurrent_word:victims next_word:of
prev_suf:sscur_suf:dsprev_word:presscurrent_word:demands next_word:for
prev_suf:acur_suf:leprev_word:acurrent_word:couple next_word:of
prev_suf:omcur_suf:ngprev_word:fromcurrent_word:suffering next_word:a
prev_suf:-5cur_suf:rsprev_word:3-4-5current_word:hitters next_word:.
prev_suf:igcur_suf:tsprev_word:bigcurrent_word:baskets next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ceprev_word:thecurrent_word:emergence next_word:of
prev_suf:iscur_suf:faprev_word:iscurrent_word:agfa next_word:is
prev_suf:adcur_suf:tsprev_word:roadcurrent_word:projects next_word:backed
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:alprev_word:startingcurrent_word:formal next_word:talks
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:imposed next_word:in
prev_suf:igcur_suf:ckprev_word:bigcurrent_word:greenback next_word:.
prev_suf:acur_suf:usprev_word:acurrent_word:consensus next_word:of
prev_suf:arcur_suf:nsprev_word:cellularcurrent_word:communications next_word:workers
prev_suf:wecur_suf:ueprev_word:wecurrent_word:continue next_word:selling
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:dsprev_word:bondcurrent_word:yields next_word:on
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:teprev_word:andcurrent_word:senate next_word:voted
prev_suf:bycur_suf:ngprev_word:bycurrent_word:spring next_word:.
prev_suf:encur_suf:b.prev_word:cathleencurrent_word:b. next_word:butler
prev_suf:acur_suf:llprev_word:acurrent_word:pall next_word:over
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:neprev_word:ofcurrent_word:hard-line next_word:leader
prev_suf:edcur_suf:00prev_word:targetedcurrent_word:7,500 next_word:shares
prev_suf:shcur_suf:leprev_word:scottishcurrent_word:amicable next_word:investment
prev_suf:acur_suf:typrev_word:acurrent_word:novelty next_word:.
prev_suf:p.cur_suf:eyprev_word:rep.current_word:fortney next_word:stark
prev_suf:lecur_suf:ngprev_word:cyclecurrent_word:dating next_word:group
prev_suf:$cur_suf:81prev_word:$current_word:4.81 next_word:a
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:beprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:be next_word:easier
prev_suf:ancur_suf:boprev_word:thancurrent_word:bo next_word:jackson
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ntprev_word:ancurrent_word:agreement next_word:is
prev_suf:eycur_suf:edprev_word:theycurrent_word:cheered next_word:investors
prev_suf:bycur_suf:bpprev_word:bycurrent_word:bp next_word:petroleum
prev_suf:thcur_suf:reprev_word:withcurrent_word:nowhere next_word:the
prev_suf:incur_suf:taprev_word:incurrent_word:santa next_word:clara
prev_suf:alcur_suf:byprev_word:capitalcurrent_word:by next_word:applied
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:ngprev_word:pointcurrent_word:anything next_word:good
prev_suf:mecur_suf:irprev_word:in-homecurrent_word:repair next_word:centers
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:toprev_word:wentcurrent_word:into next_word:markets
prev_suf:hecur_suf:teprev_word:thecurrent_word:appropriate next_word:sanctions
prev_suf:$cur_suf:92prev_word:$current_word:9.92 next_word:a
prev_suf:encur_suf:lyprev_word:drivencurrent_word:primarily next_word:in
prev_suf:lycur_suf:idprev_word:fullycurrent_word:repaid next_word:,
prev_suf:stcur_suf:orprev_word:modestcurrent_word:contributor next_word:''
prev_suf:utcur_suf:ngprev_word:bailoutcurrent_word:spending next_word:at
prev_suf:vecur_suf:ngprev_word:collectivecurrent_word:bargaining next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:eiprev_word:thecurrent_word:nikkei next_word:average
prev_suf:'scur_suf:alprev_word:'scurrent_word:rhetorical next_word:war
prev_suf:hecur_suf:isprev_word:thecurrent_word:atlantis next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:reprev_word:coppercurrent_word:elsewhere next_word:as
prev_suf:alcur_suf:lyprev_word:finalcurrent_word:tally next_word:.
prev_suf:sscur_suf:mpprev_word:businesscurrent_word:slump next_word:,
prev_suf:kscur_suf:edprev_word:bankscurrent_word:inched next_word:downward
prev_suf:llcur_suf:icprev_word:bellcurrent_word:atlantic next_word:employees
prev_suf:tycur_suf:icprev_word:securitycurrent_word:pacific next_word:ltd.
prev_suf:ircur_suf:neprev_word:theircurrent_word:line next_word:.
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:12prev_word:yieldcurrent_word:10.12 next_word:%
prev_suf:hecur_suf:inprev_word:thecurrent_word:pain next_word:of
prev_suf:secur_suf:leprev_word:imposecurrent_word:considerable next_word:speculation
prev_suf:nscur_suf:edprev_word:screenscurrent_word:posted next_word:a
prev_suf:thcur_suf:iaprev_word:withcurrent_word:cia next_word:director
prev_suf:hecur_suf:icprev_word:thecurrent_word:fdic next_word:received
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.1prev_word:$current_word:474.1 next_word:million
prev_suf:rycur_suf:upprev_word:treasurycurrent_word:up next_word:from
prev_suf:tocur_suf:usprev_word:tocurrent_word:us next_word:.
prev_suf:acur_suf:typrev_word:acurrent_word:maturity next_word:greater
prev_suf:tscur_suf:teprev_word:itscurrent_word:last-minute next_word:telephone
prev_suf:bycur_suf:rsprev_word:babycurrent_word:boomers next_word:who
prev_suf:vecur_suf:edprev_word:havecurrent_word:flocked next_word:to
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ceprev_word:thecurrent_word:influence next_word:of
prev_suf:necur_suf:aoprev_word:elainecurrent_word:chao next_word:,
prev_suf:(cur_suf:.aprev_word:(current_word:u.s.a next_word:.
prev_suf:mscur_suf:ngprev_word:seemscurrent_word:eye-catching next_word:and
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ldprev_word:thecurrent_word:hot-cold next_word:equation
prev_suf:mecur_suf:shprev_word:somecurrent_word:post-crash next_word:critics
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:onprev_word:ofcurrent_word:suppression next_word:by
prev_suf:wocur_suf:esprev_word:twocurrent_word:sides next_word:.
prev_suf:hscur_suf:goprev_word:monthscurrent_word:ago next_word:,
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ndprev_word:thiscurrent_word:land next_word:of
prev_suf:iscur_suf:geprev_word:thiscurrent_word:age next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:wnprev_word:thecurrent_word:watertown next_word:,
prev_suf:acur_suf:itprev_word:acurrent_word:summit next_word:in
prev_suf:$cur_suf:20prev_word:$current_word:6.20 next_word:billion
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:shprev_word:andcurrent_word:fresh next_word:target
prev_suf:bycur_suf:ngprev_word:bycurrent_word:having next_word:nothing
prev_suf:axcur_suf:deprev_word:taxcurrent_word:code next_word:.
prev_suf:'scur_suf:alprev_word:'scurrent_word:partial next_word:recovery
prev_suf:eycur_suf:edprev_word:theycurrent_word:scooped next_word:up
prev_suf:88cur_suf:tsprev_word:1988current_word:results next_word:began
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:broader next_word:tokyo
prev_suf:thcur_suf:rsprev_word:healthcurrent_word:centers next_word:by
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:traderscurrent_word:seemed next_word:as
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ekprev_word:thecurrent_word:26-week next_word:bills
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ngprev_word:'scurrent_word:longstanding next_word:ability
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:arecurrent_word:concerned next_word:about
prev_suf:opcur_suf:ngprev_word:dropcurrent_word:young next_word:ltd.
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ndprev_word:tocurrent_word:send next_word:a
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:citing next_word:a
prev_suf:tocur_suf:.3prev_word:tocurrent_word:423.3 next_word:yen
prev_suf:ercur_suf:00prev_word:covercurrent_word:41,000 next_word:bell
prev_suf:alcur_suf:esprev_word:federalcurrent_word:resources next_word:and
prev_suf:tocur_suf:reprev_word:tocurrent_word:retire next_word:its
prev_suf:,cur_suf:saprev_word:,current_word:tulsa next_word:bank
prev_suf:,cur_suf:anprev_word:,current_word:alcan next_word:aluminium
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:esprev_word:boeingcurrent_word:continues next_word:to
prev_suf:escur_suf:edprev_word:exchangescurrent_word:reopened next_word:that
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:continued next_word:yesterday
prev_suf:,cur_suf:n.prev_word:,current_word:sen. next_word:frank
prev_suf:alcur_suf:teprev_word:residentialcurrent_word:real-estate next_word:,
prev_suf:oncur_suf:orprev_word:bentoncurrent_word:harbor next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:arecurrent_word:experiencing next_word:anxious
prev_suf:incur_suf:ngprev_word:incurrent_word:integrating next_word:the
prev_suf:oncur_suf:erprev_word:oncurrent_word:fewer next_word:than
prev_suf:stcur_suf:ryprev_word:mustcurrent_word:try next_word:to
prev_suf:excur_suf:72prev_word:indexcurrent_word:129.72 next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:eoprev_word:tocurrent_word:video next_word:to
prev_suf:ascur_suf:atprev_word:kansascurrent_word:wheat next_word:farmers
prev_suf:recur_suf:exprev_word:sharecurrent_word:index next_word:options
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:esprev_word:fewcurrent_word:drugstores next_word:develop
prev_suf:oncur_suf:anprev_word:shearsoncurrent_word:lehman next_word:hutton
prev_suf:necur_suf:17prev_word:gonecurrent_word:1-for-17 next_word:.
prev_suf:dscur_suf:rsprev_word:sendscurrent_word:shivers next_word:through
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:expressed next_word:relief
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ndprev_word:thecurrent_word:turnaround next_word:at
prev_suf:(cur_suf:haprev_word:(current_word:fmha next_word:are
prev_suf:upcur_suf:edprev_word:groupcurrent_word:led next_word:by
prev_suf:,cur_suf:lyprev_word:,current_word:respectively next_word:,
prev_suf:wdcur_suf:edprev_word:crowdcurrent_word:gathered next_word:at
prev_suf:,cur_suf:etprev_word:,current_word:let next_word:many
prev_suf:acur_suf:atprev_word:acurrent_word:great next_word:western
prev_suf:axcur_suf:tsprev_word:taxcurrent_word:credits next_word:again
prev_suf:orcur_suf:alprev_word:orcurrent_word:technical next_word:strength
prev_suf:rscur_suf:eyprev_word:affairscurrent_word:survey next_word:of
prev_suf:)cur_suf:atprev_word:)current_word:defeat next_word:in
prev_suf:ancur_suf:onprev_word:ancurrent_word:opinion next_word:among
prev_suf:eccur_suf:{prev_word:eccurrent_word:{ next_word:the
prev_suf:recur_suf:esprev_word:thereforecurrent_word:makes next_word:computer-room
prev_suf:ercur_suf:erprev_word:computercurrent_word:maker next_word:that
prev_suf:chcur_suf:esprev_word:whichcurrent_word:involves next_word:the
prev_suf:$cur_suf:58prev_word:$current_word:7.58 next_word:billion
prev_suf:$cur_suf:54prev_word:$current_word:7.54 next_word:billion
prev_suf:itcur_suf:lsprev_word:itcurrent_word:counsels next_word:,
prev_suf:iccur_suf:lsprev_word:hydrauliccurrent_word:tools next_word:,
prev_suf:ascur_suf:ngprev_word:wascurrent_word:standing next_word:trial
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ceprev_word:investorcurrent_word:confidence next_word:could
prev_suf:idcur_suf:asprev_word:saidcurrent_word:andreas next_word:insam
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:teprev_word:operatingcurrent_word:certificate next_word:of
prev_suf:recur_suf:alprev_word:arecurrent_word:illegal next_word:payoffs
prev_suf:llcur_suf:xtprev_word:billcurrent_word:next next_word:few
prev_suf:nocur_suf:btprev_word:nocurrent_word:doubt next_word:about
prev_suf:rycur_suf:dsprev_word:treasurycurrent_word:bonds next_word:.
prev_suf:bycur_suf:ayprev_word:bycurrent_word:midday next_word:rally
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.8prev_word:$current_word:41.8 next_word:millon
prev_suf:sycur_suf:gsprev_word:busycurrent_word:dealings next_word:.
prev_suf:tecur_suf:ngprev_word:separatecurrent_word:opposing next_word:fans
prev_suf:``cur_suf:lyprev_word:``current_word:sharply next_word:--
prev_suf:orcur_suf:byprev_word:forcurrent_word:baby next_word:boomers
prev_suf:rkcur_suf:erprev_word:yorkcurrent_word:customer next_word:,
prev_suf:yscur_suf:edprev_word:treasuryscurrent_word:retreated next_word:and
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:isprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:this next_word:time
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:geprev_word:significantcurrent_word:challenge next_word:in
prev_suf:epcur_suf:tsprev_word:keepcurrent_word:clients next_word:``
prev_suf:oncur_suf:inprev_word:oncurrent_word:thin next_word:at
prev_suf:$cur_suf:45prev_word:$current_word:1.45 next_word:a
prev_suf:$cur_suf:47prev_word:$current_word:1.47 next_word:a
prev_suf:$cur_suf:46prev_word:$current_word:1.46 next_word:billion
prev_suf:$cur_suf:41prev_word:$current_word:1.41 next_word:billion
prev_suf:orcur_suf:43prev_word:orcurrent_word:1.43 next_word:%
prev_suf:tocur_suf:42prev_word:tocurrent_word:1.42 next_word:.
prev_suf:excur_suf:idprev_word:indexcurrent_word:slid next_word:to
prev_suf:edcur_suf:erprev_word:reflectedcurrent_word:weaker next_word:economy
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ssprev_word:airline-acquisitioncurrent_word:process next_word:.
prev_suf:eycur_suf:deprev_word:theycurrent_word:rode next_word:the
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:esprev_word:andcurrent_word:purposes next_word:this
prev_suf:l.cur_suf:erprev_word:l.current_word:hauser next_word:,
prev_suf:alcur_suf:esprev_word:individualcurrent_word:pieces next_word:of
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ghprev_word:itscurrent_word:high next_word:for
prev_suf:encur_suf:alprev_word:suddencurrent_word:reappraisal next_word:of
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ipprev_word:tocurrent_word:slip next_word:late
prev_suf:ercur_suf:dsprev_word:wittercurrent_word:reynolds next_word:inc
prev_suf:tocur_suf:enprev_word:tocurrent_word:weaken next_word:the
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ayprev_word:tocurrent_word:delay next_word:the
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:pdprev_word:ofcurrent_word:npd next_word:group
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:closelycurrent_word:tied next_word:to
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:halted next_word:friday
prev_suf:acur_suf:ayprev_word:acurrent_word:360-day next_word:year
prev_suf:iccur_suf:esprev_word:diplomaticcurrent_word:ties next_word:.
prev_suf:ancur_suf:phprev_word:ancurrent_word:autograph next_word:;
prev_suf:recur_suf:lyprev_word:morecurrent_word:efficiently next_word:.
prev_suf:llcur_suf:edprev_word:willcurrent_word:realized next_word:in
prev_suf:encur_suf:ngprev_word:betweencurrent_word:boeing next_word:has
prev_suf:mecur_suf:erprev_word:namecurrent_word:manpower next_word:name
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:commodities next_word::
prev_suf:escur_suf:owprev_word:doescurrent_word:allow next_word:visits
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:lsprev_word:worldcurrent_word:intellectuals next_word:that
prev_suf:thcur_suf:.6prev_word:withcurrent_word:132.6 next_word:million
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:counted next_word:on
prev_suf:,cur_suf:onprev_word:,current_word:houston next_word:,
prev_suf:incur_suf:erprev_word:incurrent_word:producer next_word:and
prev_suf:escur_suf:ngprev_word:urgescurrent_word:freeing next_word:nurses
prev_suf:alcur_suf:htprev_word:capitalcurrent_word:insight next_word:inc.
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ulprev_word:forcurrent_word:doubtful next_word:accounts
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:nicelycurrent_word:produced next_word:publication
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:year-earlier next_word:$
prev_suf:ascur_suf:enprev_word:hascurrent_word:chosen next_word:antonia
prev_suf:gecur_suf:esprev_word:collegecurrent_word:degrees next_word:.
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:18prev_word:ofcurrent_word:2018 next_word:was
prev_suf:edcur_suf:edprev_word:remainedcurrent_word:stalled next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:veprev_word:thecurrent_word:derivative next_word:market
prev_suf:ancur_suf:alprev_word:ancurrent_word:archival next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:miprev_word:masatocurrent_word:murakami next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:thecurrent_word:u.n.-monitored next_word:election
prev_suf:,cur_suf:tsprev_word:,current_word:coolants next_word:and
prev_suf:orcur_suf:geprev_word:orcurrent_word:merge next_word:with
prev_suf:hecur_suf:thprev_word:thecurrent_word:truth next_word:is
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:00prev_word:ofcurrent_word:70,000 next_word:barrels
prev_suf:aycur_suf:tsprev_word:highwaycurrent_word:accounts next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:thprev_word:800-numbercurrent_word:beneath next_word:the
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ckprev_word:thecurrent_word:stock next_word:has
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:arecurrent_word:doing next_word:it
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:resurging next_word:market
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:teprev_word:andcurrent_word:societe next_word:national
prev_suf:necur_suf:cyprev_word:immunecurrent_word:deficiency next_word:syndrome
prev_suf:ffcur_suf:.2prev_word:offcurrent_word:204.2 next_word:points
prev_suf:rncur_suf:reprev_word:southerncurrent_word:agriculture next_word:lawmakers
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ssprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:witness next_word:the
prev_suf:``cur_suf:lyprev_word:``current_word:fundamentally next_word:sound
prev_suf:lpcur_suf:'prev_word:self-helpcurrent_word:' next_word:perception
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:dismissal next_word:of
prev_suf:omcur_suf:.7prev_word:fromcurrent_word:457.7 next_word:yen
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:utprev_word:andcurrent_word:shut next_word:down
prev_suf:lecur_suf:dyprev_word:singlecurrent_word:unwieldy next_word:initiative
prev_suf:bycur_suf:rsprev_word:bycurrent_word:regulators next_word:would
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:alprev_word:usingcurrent_word:fetal next_word:tissue
prev_suf:etcur_suf:unprev_word:yetcurrent_word:shun next_word:pushy
prev_suf:shcur_suf:ldprev_word:cashcurrent_word:could next_word:bolster
prev_suf:idcur_suf:idprev_word:saidcurrent_word:david next_word:bear
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:ratification next_word:follows
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:isprev_word:jackcurrent_word:davis next_word:,
prev_suf:socur_suf:edprev_word:alsocurrent_word:latched next_word:onto
prev_suf:oucur_suf:edprev_word:youcurrent_word:owned next_word:by
prev_suf:eycur_suf:rkprev_word:fortneycurrent_word:stark next_word:black-and-white
prev_suf:`cur_suf:lpprev_word:`current_word:self-help next_word:'
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:buoyed next_word:--
prev_suf:stcur_suf:veprev_word:activistcurrent_word:legislative next_word:atrocities
prev_suf:hecur_suf:osprev_word:thecurrent_word:los next_word:angeles
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:ordering next_word:buys
prev_suf:utcur_suf:ngprev_word:withoutcurrent_word:detailing next_word:specific
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:emprev_word:financingcurrent_word:system next_word:on
prev_suf:tscur_suf:edprev_word:participantscurrent_word:behaved next_word:more
prev_suf:iccur_suf:tsprev_word:economiccurrent_word:interests next_word:are
prev_suf:acur_suf:otprev_word:acurrent_word:lot next_word:of
prev_suf:,cur_suf:amprev_word:,current_word:amsterdam next_word:,
prev_suf:tecur_suf:teprev_word:corporatecurrent_word:elite next_word:''
prev_suf:alcur_suf:enprev_word:traditionalcurrent_word:haven next_word:in
prev_suf:wocur_suf:esprev_word:twocurrent_word:colleagues next_word:scrambled
prev_suf:vecur_suf:edprev_word:havecurrent_word:reacted next_word:sharply
prev_suf:edcur_suf:llprev_word:split-fingeredcurrent_word:fastball next_word:until
prev_suf:acur_suf:ntprev_word:acurrent_word:250-point next_word:decline
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ndprev_word:tocurrent_word:disband next_word:as
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:lyprev_word:shouldcurrent_word:negatively next_word:affect
prev_suf:acur_suf:eoprev_word:acurrent_word:cleo next_word:award
prev_suf:,cur_suf:moprev_word:,current_word:lasmo next_word:sumatra
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ipprev_word:limitedcurrent_word:partnership next_word:of
prev_suf:aycur_suf:ngprev_word:mondaycurrent_word:reassuring next_word:,
prev_suf:rkcur_suf:htprev_word:parkcurrent_word:tonight next_word:up
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:erprev_word:reachingcurrent_word:blockbuster next_word:movie
prev_suf:atcur_suf:lyprev_word:thatcurrent_word:clearly next_word:upon
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:viewed next_word:as
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:hangover next_word:from
prev_suf:htcur_suf:reprev_word:broughtcurrent_word:ashore next_word:in
prev_suf:69cur_suf:ngprev_word:1969current_word:equaling next_word:100
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:auprev_word:andcurrent_word:campeau next_word:'s
prev_suf:edcur_suf:anprev_word:dividedcurrent_word:korean next_word:governments
prev_suf:utcur_suf:nnprev_word:helmutcurrent_word:haussmann next_word:said
prev_suf:ilcur_suf:apprev_word:oilcurrent_word:soap next_word:sales
prev_suf:atcur_suf:38prev_word:atcurrent_word:35087.38 next_word:.
prev_suf:bycur_suf:onprev_word:bycurrent_word:comparison next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:thecurrent_word:so-called next_word:junk
prev_suf:tocur_suf:zeprev_word:tocurrent_word:amortize next_word:the
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:alprev_word:ofcurrent_word:josephthal next_word:&
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:stronger next_word:than
prev_suf:9cur_suf:ceprev_word:9current_word:face next_word:value
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ctprev_word:thecurrent_word:fact next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:reprev_word:thecurrent_word:atmosphere next_word:.
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ngprev_word:tocurrent_word:bring next_word:in
prev_suf:rdcur_suf:inprev_word:richardcurrent_word:demoulin next_word:,
prev_suf:nkcur_suf:ydprev_word:frankcurrent_word:lloyd next_word:wright
prev_suf:efcur_suf:stprev_word:chiefcurrent_word:economist next_word:at
prev_suf:lecur_suf:alprev_word:negligiblecurrent_word:principal next_word:supplier
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ayprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:jay next_word:goldinger
prev_suf:iscur_suf:awprev_word:hiscurrent_word:jaw next_word:with
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ldprev_word:,current_word:should next_word:bring
prev_suf:ercur_suf:anprev_word:ministercurrent_word:jan next_word:syse
prev_suf:ercur_suf:esprev_word:smallercurrent_word:entities next_word:and
prev_suf:tocur_suf:peprev_word:tocurrent_word:tape next_word:with
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:riding next_word:above
prev_suf:tscur_suf:peprev_word:giantscurrent_word:hope next_word:the
prev_suf:itcur_suf:ntprev_word:itcurrent_word:meant next_word:that
prev_suf:necur_suf:edprev_word:onecurrent_word:chicago-based next_word:options
prev_suf:tocur_suf:leprev_word:tocurrent_word:handle next_word:daily
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:nsprev_word:andcurrent_word:means next_word:plan
prev_suf:acur_suf:arprev_word:acurrent_word:familiar next_word:message
prev_suf:rtcur_suf:onprev_word:exportcurrent_word:prohibition next_word:was
prev_suf:``cur_suf:leprev_word:``current_word:wiggle next_word:room
prev_suf:rkcur_suf:esprev_word:yorkcurrent_word:exchanges next_word:.
prev_suf:cecur_suf:shprev_word:box-officecurrent_word:smash next_word:``
prev_suf:nscur_suf:esprev_word:appropriationscurrent_word:committees next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:taxes next_word:morgan
prev_suf:pocur_suf:tsprev_word:swapocurrent_word:extremists next_word:are
prev_suf:h.cur_suf:ndprev_word:h.current_word:gutfreund next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:inprev_word:tocurrent_word:rein next_word:in
prev_suf:etcur_suf:edprev_word:streetcurrent_word:strengthened next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:lyprev_word:hecurrent_word:temporarily next_word:abandoned
prev_suf:``cur_suf:icprev_word:``current_word:catastrophic next_word:loss
prev_suf:oncur_suf:eeprev_word:aviationcurrent_word:subcommittee next_word:.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:00prev_word:$current_word:425,000 next_word:in
prev_suf:orcur_suf:nnprev_word:forcurrent_word:mannesmann next_word:ag
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.1prev_word:$current_word:185.1 next_word:million
prev_suf:acur_suf:reprev_word:acurrent_word:wire next_word:service
prev_suf:orcur_suf:akprev_word:forcurrent_word:amtrak next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:morecurrent_word:taunting next_word:in
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:dsprev_word:andcurrent_word:ends next_word:
prev_suf:'scur_suf:veprev_word:'scurrent_word:explosive next_word:bond-market
prev_suf:acur_suf:itprev_word:acurrent_word:lawsuit next_word:by
prev_suf:'scur_suf:nsprev_word:'scurrent_word:restrictions next_word:would
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ngprev_word:othercurrent_word:non-striking next_word:personnel
prev_suf:edcur_suf:esprev_word:redcurrent_word:figures next_word:it
prev_suf:edcur_suf:75prev_word:declinedcurrent_word:13,575 next_word:tons
prev_suf:edcur_suf:erprev_word:automatedcurrent_word:800-number next_word:beneath
prev_suf:$cur_suf:25prev_word:$current_word:13.625 next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:adjusted next_word:for
prev_suf:&cur_suf:coprev_word:&current_word:co next_word:.
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:stranding next_word:three
prev_suf:nscur_suf:caprev_word:institutionscurrent_word:ca next_word:from
prev_suf:$cur_suf:76prev_word:$current_word:576 next_word:million
prev_suf:encur_suf:edprev_word:beencurrent_word:crafted next_word:to
prev_suf:amcur_suf:ndprev_word:home-teamcurrent_word:oakland next_word:,
prev_suf:'scur_suf:erprev_word:'scurrent_word:scanner next_word:marketing
prev_suf:wncur_suf:.1prev_word:downcurrent_word:8.1 next_word:%
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.2prev_word:$current_word:8.2 next_word:million
prev_suf:wncur_suf:.5prev_word:downcurrent_word:8.5 next_word:.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.4prev_word:$current_word:8.4 next_word:million
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.8prev_word:$current_word:8.8 next_word:million
prev_suf:uecur_suf:19prev_word:duecurrent_word:2019 next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:teprev_word:andcurrent_word:waste next_word:services
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:naprev_word:andcurrent_word:louisiana next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:erprev_word:andcurrent_word:dresdner next_word:'s
prev_suf:edcur_suf:c.prev_word:succeedcurrent_word:c. next_word:itoh
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:toprev_word:ofcurrent_word:puerto next_word:rico
prev_suf:``cur_suf:inprev_word:``current_word:spain next_word:and
prev_suf:escur_suf:erprev_word:makescurrent_word:laser next_word:weapon
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:expiration next_word:date
prev_suf:umcur_suf:tsprev_word:petroleumcurrent_word:pits next_word:yesterday
prev_suf:,cur_suf:vaprev_word:,current_word:va next_word:requested
prev_suf:``cur_suf:onprev_word:``current_word:diversification next_word:,
prev_suf:alcur_suf:teprev_word:disposalcurrent_word:site next_word:.
prev_suf:'cur_suf:reprev_word:'current_word:hardware next_word:and
prev_suf:lycur_suf:icprev_word:cautiouslycurrent_word:optimistic next_word:.
prev_suf:tocur_suf:veprev_word:tocurrent_word:conserve next_word:and
prev_suf:tocur_suf:80prev_word:tocurrent_word:34903.80 next_word:as
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:maligned next_word:analysts
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:ascurrent_word:planned next_word:steps
prev_suf:hecur_suf:llprev_word:thecurrent_word:ball next_word:tremendously
prev_suf:shcur_suf:iaprev_word:britishcurrent_word:columbia next_word:was
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:restating next_word:its
prev_suf:thcur_suf:edprev_word:smithcurrent_word:fielded next_word:a
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:production-sharing next_word:contract
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ndprev_word:tocurrent_word:expand next_word:its
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:esprev_word:treatingcurrent_word:diabetes next_word:.
prev_suf:idcur_suf:ffprev_word:paidcurrent_word:off next_word:.
prev_suf:ercur_suf:tsprev_word:dishwashercurrent_word:detergents next_word:.
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:iaprev_word:ofcurrent_word:indonesia next_word:)
prev_suf:$cur_suf:54prev_word:$current_word:354 next_word:million
prev_suf:atcur_suf:72prev_word:atcurrent_word:7.72 next_word:%
prev_suf:$cur_suf:23prev_word:$current_word:1.23 next_word:a
prev_suf:orcur_suf:27prev_word:orcurrent_word:1.27 next_word:%
prev_suf:$cur_suf:26prev_word:$current_word:1.26 next_word:a
prev_suf:$cur_suf:25prev_word:$current_word:1.25 next_word:shares
prev_suf:decur_suf:ngprev_word:world-widecurrent_word:softening next_word:of
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ssprev_word:forcurrent_word:less next_word:than
prev_suf:recur_suf:umprev_word:werecurrent_word:glum next_word:.
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:msprev_word:tradingcurrent_word:rooms next_word:of
prev_suf:)cur_suf:tsprev_word:)current_word:predicts next_word:.
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ulprev_word:ambassadorcurrent_word:paul next_word:nitze
prev_suf:atcur_suf:.6prev_word:atcurrent_word:523.6 next_word:,
prev_suf:incur_suf:alprev_word:incurrent_word:residential next_word:)
prev_suf:'scur_suf:stprev_word:'scurrent_word:arrest next_word:is
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ckprev_word:majorcurrent_word:crack next_word:in
prev_suf:acur_suf:typrev_word:acurrent_word:calamity next_word:out
prev_suf:etcur_suf:ngprev_word:marketcurrent_word:fluctuating next_word:and
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:increased next_word:earnings
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ntprev_word:thecurrent_word:government next_word:is
prev_suf:ancur_suf:orprev_word:germancurrent_word:chancellor next_word:helmut
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ulprev_word:longcurrent_word:haul next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:veprev_word:tocurrent_word:five next_word:african
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:axprev_word:marketingcurrent_word:t-max next_word:3200
prev_suf:lycur_suf:meprev_word:actuallycurrent_word:become next_word:more
prev_suf:odcur_suf:rsprev_word:hollywoodcurrent_word:weepers next_word:who
prev_suf:etcur_suf:ntprev_word:balanced-budgetcurrent_word:amendment next_word:.
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:gaining next_word:88.12
prev_suf:tecur_suf:nsprev_word:ratecurrent_word:indications next_word:are
prev_suf:ancur_suf:typrev_word:morgancurrent_word:guaranty next_word:trust
prev_suf:lycur_suf:gsprev_word:probablycurrent_word:springs next_word:from
prev_suf:hecur_suf:otprev_word:thecurrent_word:ballot next_word:for
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:onprev_word:ofcurrent_word:recognition next_word:of
prev_suf:etcur_suf:lyprev_word:yetcurrent_word:sufficiently next_word:coordinated
prev_suf:tocur_suf:idprev_word:tocurrent_word:avoid next_word:such
prev_suf:ipcur_suf:isprev_word:philipcurrent_word:morris next_word:,
prev_suf:00cur_suf:rsprev_word:120,000current_word:demonstrators next_word:marched
prev_suf:awcur_suf:esprev_word:lawcurrent_word:does next_word:n't
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:leprev_word:ofcurrent_word:schedule next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:geprev_word:thecurrent_word:shortage next_word:of
prev_suf:ghcur_suf:reprev_word:toughcurrent_word:pressure next_word:,
prev_suf:oncur_suf:nsprev_word:oncurrent_word:loans next_word:to
prev_suf:hecur_suf:geprev_word:thecurrent_word:stage next_word:for
prev_suf:escur_suf:edprev_word:issuescurrent_word:gained next_word:.
prev_suf:'cur_suf:erprev_word:'current_word:sister next_word:average
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.2prev_word:$current_word:25.2 next_word:million
prev_suf:incur_suf:esprev_word:incurrent_word:debentures next_word:.
prev_suf:oscur_suf:esprev_word:loscurrent_word:angeles next_word:,
prev_suf:tecur_suf:gsprev_word:estatecurrent_word:holdings next_word:)
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:onprev_word:face-savingcurrent_word:concession next_word:for
prev_suf:lycur_suf:seprev_word:constantlycurrent_word:revise next_word:their
prev_suf:opcur_suf:reprev_word:developcurrent_word:software next_word:and
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:booed next_word:the
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ntprev_word:itscurrent_word:commitment next_word:for
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:laprev_word:andcurrent_word:federal-formula next_word:grants
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ieprev_word:whistlingcurrent_word:dixie next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:reprev_word:thecurrent_word:mere next_word:diversion
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:leprev_word:ofcurrent_word:negotiable next_word:,
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ngprev_word:subsidizedcurrent_word:housing next_word:markets
prev_suf:llcur_suf:tsprev_word:soft-sellcurrent_word:spots next_word:for
prev_suf:oncur_suf:rsprev_word:joncurrent_word:peters next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:s.prev_word:levercurrent_word:bros. next_word:confirms
prev_suf:edcur_suf:.4prev_word:droppedcurrent_word:9.4 next_word:%
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:troubling next_word:.
prev_suf:'scur_suf:.6prev_word:'scurrent_word:9.6 next_word:%
prev_suf:alcur_suf:axprev_word:specialcurrent_word:pretax next_word:profit
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.1prev_word:$current_word:9.1 next_word:billion
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:.3prev_word:ofcurrent_word:9.3 next_word:million
prev_suf:rscur_suf:ngprev_word:headquarterscurrent_word:building next_word:its
prev_suf:chcur_suf:cyprev_word:muchcurrent_word:complacency next_word:,
prev_suf:bycur_suf:ngprev_word:bycurrent_word:overlapping next_word:restaurant
prev_suf:lecur_suf:ryprev_word:fashionablecurrent_word:delivery next_word:dropped
prev_suf:,cur_suf:rnprev_word:,current_word:yugoslav-born next_word:novelist
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:hecurrent_word:lowered next_word:his
prev_suf:utcur_suf:.3prev_word:aboutcurrent_word:84.3 next_word:%
prev_suf:itcur_suf:ngprev_word:itcurrent_word:un-advertising next_word:.
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:edprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:telecussed next_word:
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ntprev_word:customercurrent_word:count next_word:--
prev_suf:recur_suf:ntprev_word:morecurrent_word:evident next_word:among
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:official next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:esprev_word:sell-ordercurrent_word:imbalances next_word:on
prev_suf:tscur_suf:edprev_word:investmentscurrent_word:placed next_word:directly
prev_suf:s.cur_suf:ksprev_word:u.s.current_word:books next_word:in
prev_suf:acur_suf:emprev_word:acurrent_word:problem next_word:that
prev_suf:pscur_suf:ngprev_word:capscurrent_word:bearing next_word:the
prev_suf:edcur_suf:shprev_word:troubledcurrent_word:irish next_word:punts
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:esprev_word:ofcurrent_word:nurses next_word:for
prev_suf:llcur_suf:zeprev_word:willcurrent_word:recognize next_word:these
prev_suf:alcur_suf:ngprev_word:generalcurrent_word:slowing next_word:of
prev_suf:rtcur_suf:erprev_word:norbertcurrent_word:braeuer next_word:,
prev_suf:edcur_suf:nkprev_word:redcurrent_word:ink next_word:.
prev_suf:rscur_suf:ncprev_word:brotherscurrent_word:inc next_word:.
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:compared next_word:with
prev_suf:hecur_suf:neprev_word:thecurrent_word:800-line next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:00prev_word:$current_word:23.00 next_word:in
prev_suf:decur_suf:lsprev_word:providecurrent_word:details next_word::
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ntprev_word:thecurrent_word:bond-equivalent next_word:yield
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:rpprev_word:ofcurrent_word:unicorp next_word:,
prev_suf:ancur_suf:coprev_word:sancurrent_word:francisco next_word:food
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ayprev_word:thecurrent_word:monday next_word:reassuring
prev_suf:aycur_suf:leprev_word:maycurrent_word:dismantle next_word:a
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:tsprev_word:retailingcurrent_word:outlets next_word:.
prev_suf:necur_suf:ceprev_word:onecurrent_word:chance next_word:that
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:asprev_word:andcurrent_word:overseas next_word:investment
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:reprev_word:wantcurrent_word:exposure next_word:yet
prev_suf:ascur_suf:leprev_word:gascurrent_word:rule next_word:to
prev_suf:;cur_suf:75prev_word:;current_word:7.375 next_word:%
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:neprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:elaine next_word:chao
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:pension next_word:fund
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:alprev_word:servingcurrent_word:rural next_word:or
prev_suf:incur_suf:ngprev_word:incurrent_word:inning next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:suicidal next_word:would
prev_suf:incur_suf:alprev_word:incurrent_word:controversial next_word:subsidies
prev_suf:ercur_suf:esprev_word:garnercurrent_word:votes next_word:for
prev_suf:recur_suf:typrev_word:requirecurrent_word:unanimity next_word:.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.6prev_word:$current_word:314.6 next_word:million
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:rdprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:edward next_word:eskandarian
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:consumerscurrent_word:voted next_word:to
prev_suf:encur_suf:thprev_word:beencurrent_word:worth next_word:because
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ngprev_word:detercurrent_word:overpaying next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:rsprev_word:andcurrent_word:sellers next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:wnprev_word:othercurrent_word:well-known next_word:personalities
prev_suf:$cur_suf:75prev_word:$current_word:15.75 next_word:a
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:edprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:red next_word:.
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:msprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:cms next_word:energy
prev_suf:acur_suf:phprev_word:acurrent_word:triumph next_word:of
prev_suf:;cur_suf:erprev_word:;current_word:cher next_word:placed
prev_suf:omcur_suf:06prev_word:fromcurrent_word:106.06 next_word:billion
prev_suf:ercur_suf:esprev_word:tellercurrent_word:machines next_word:,
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:clearlycurrent_word:established next_word:airports
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:skprev_word:high-endcurrent_word:disk next_word:drive
prev_suf:acur_suf:ntprev_word:acurrent_word:consequent next_word:reduction
prev_suf:tocur_suf:83prev_word:tocurrent_word:35133.83 next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:veprev_word:thecurrent_word:above next_word:the
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:lyprev_word:tradingcurrent_word:officially next_word:got
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:consisting next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ldprev_word:hecurrent_word:told next_word:the
prev_suf:shcur_suf:chprev_word:cashcurrent_word:crunch next_word:;
prev_suf:emcur_suf:lyprev_word:problemcurrent_word:simultaneously next_word:.
prev_suf:sscur_suf:lsprev_word:losscurrent_word:equals next_word:$
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:okprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:bangkok next_word:,
prev_suf:orcur_suf:onprev_word:forcurrent_word:protection next_word:from
prev_suf:llcur_suf:msprev_word:sellcurrent_word:items next_word:alone
prev_suf:nycur_suf:esprev_word:manycurrent_word:employees next_word:.
prev_suf:ffcur_suf:32prev_word:offcurrent_word:0.32 next_word:cent
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ptprev_word:tocurrent_word:adopt next_word:different
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:repeatedlycurrent_word:stressed next_word:that
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ngprev_word:'scurrent_word:dizzying next_word:drop
prev_suf:ttcur_suf:dyprev_word:cluettcurrent_word:peabody next_word:'s
prev_suf:iscur_suf:lyprev_word:iscurrent_word:highly next_word:unlikely
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:ryprev_word:governmentcurrent_word:regulatory next_word:and
prev_suf:omcur_suf:ayprev_word:fromcurrent_word:thursday next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:total next_word:of
prev_suf:escur_suf:ghprev_word:charlescurrent_word:clough next_word:,
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ffprev_word:scheduledcurrent_word:liftoff next_word:.
prev_suf:iscur_suf:oyprev_word:hiscurrent_word:ploy next_word::
prev_suf:hecur_suf:veprev_word:thecurrent_word:negative next_word:way
prev_suf:``cur_suf:ltprev_word:``current_word:insult next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:jmprev_word:thecurrent_word:sejm next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:btprev_word:thecurrent_word:anti-debt next_word:direction
prev_suf:alcur_suf:onprev_word:capitalcurrent_word:infusion next_word:.
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:rdprev_word:achievementcurrent_word:award next_word:as
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ntprev_word:nearlycurrent_word:200-point next_word:drop
prev_suf:edcur_suf:06prev_word:tumbledcurrent_word:102.06 next_word:points
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.8prev_word:$current_word:230.8 next_word:million
prev_suf:uecur_suf:91prev_word:duecurrent_word:1991 next_word:rose
prev_suf:incur_suf:90prev_word:incurrent_word:1990 next_word:and
prev_suf:incur_suf:92prev_word:incurrent_word:1992 next_word:.
prev_suf:encur_suf:rdprev_word:whencurrent_word:word next_word:spread
prev_suf:lycur_suf:94prev_word:julycurrent_word:1994 next_word:that
prev_suf:uecur_suf:96prev_word:duecurrent_word:1996 next_word:and
prev_suf:necur_suf:99prev_word:junecurrent_word:1999 next_word:ended
prev_suf:uecur_suf:98prev_word:duecurrent_word:1998 next_word:ended
prev_suf:ancur_suf:rkprev_word:cancurrent_word:work next_word:at
prev_suf:iicur_suf:raprev_word:iicurrent_word:era next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:iaprev_word:thecurrent_word:gloria next_word:vanderbilt
prev_suf:$cur_suf:86prev_word:$current_word:2.86 next_word:a
prev_suf:nscur_suf:edprev_word:screenscurrent_word:indicated next_word:value
prev_suf:$cur_suf:83prev_word:$current_word:2.83 next_word:billion
prev_suf:eycur_suf:edprev_word:theycurrent_word:cited next_word:a
prev_suf:atcur_suf:iaprev_word:thatcurrent_word:india next_word:needs
prev_suf:tocur_suf:36prev_word:tocurrent_word:8.36 next_word:%
prev_suf:;cur_suf:35prev_word:;current_word:8.35 next_word:%
prev_suf:;cur_suf:33prev_word:;current_word:8.33 next_word:%
prev_suf:recur_suf:alprev_word:acquirecurrent_word:ual next_word:deal
prev_suf::cur_suf:30prev_word::current_word:8.30 next_word:%
prev_suf:atcur_suf:69prev_word:atcurrent_word:34468.69 next_word:,
prev_suf:ftcur_suf:ryprev_word:swiftcurrent_word:recovery next_word:in
prev_suf:ercur_suf:rsprev_word:lettercurrent_word:carriers next_word:serving
prev_suf:tocur_suf:deprev_word:tocurrent_word:provide next_word:liquidity
prev_suf:etcur_suf:rsprev_word:marketcurrent_word:recovers next_word:quickly
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ewprev_word:ancurrent_word:interview next_word:that
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ryprev_word:thecurrent_word:ordinary next_word:like
prev_suf:&cur_suf:leprev_word:&current_word:gamble next_word:led
prev_suf:edcur_suf:zaprev_word:home-deliveredcurrent_word:pizza next_word:said
prev_suf:iccur_suf:erprev_word:near-paniccurrent_word:fever next_word:in
prev_suf:thcur_suf:ngprev_word:withcurrent_word:transforming next_word:applied
prev_suf:alcur_suf:erprev_word:clinicalcurrent_word:ladder next_word:,
prev_suf:edcur_suf:erprev_word:derivedcurrent_word:after next_word:sliding
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:badlycurrent_word:damaged next_word:.
prev_suf:,cur_suf:onprev_word:,current_word:halliburton next_word:jumped
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:tsprev_word:investmentcurrent_word:strategists next_word:,
prev_suf:utcur_suf:awprev_word:bailoutcurrent_word:law next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:17prev_word:tocurrent_word:250.17 next_word:billion
prev_suf:arcur_suf:tsprev_word:bearcurrent_word:supermarkets next_word:inc.
prev_suf:incur_suf:enprev_word:incurrent_word:green next_word:party
prev_suf:hecur_suf:anprev_word:thecurrent_word:fan next_word:'s
prev_suf:incur_suf:erprev_word:incurrent_word:order next_word:.
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ngprev_word:forcurrent_word:triggering next_word:gains
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ceprev_word:thecurrent_word:office next_word:of
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:'recurrent_word:satisfied next_word:''
prev_suf:acur_suf:.7prev_word:acurrent_word:6.7 next_word:%
prev_suf:edcur_suf:.5prev_word:declinedcurrent_word:6.5 next_word:%
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.6prev_word:$current_word:12.6 next_word:million
prev_suf:llcur_suf:.5prev_word:fellcurrent_word:12.5 next_word:cents
prev_suf:tocur_suf:veprev_word:tocurrent_word:innovative next_word:teachers
prev_suf:,cur_suf:anprev_word:,current_word:japan next_word:'s
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:.8prev_word:droppingcurrent_word:12.8 next_word:%
prev_suf:hecur_suf:orprev_word:thecurrent_word:mayor next_word:norman
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:.9prev_word:ofcurrent_word:6.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:omcur_suf:reprev_word:fromcurrent_word:somewhere next_word:else
prev_suf:hecur_suf:icprev_word:thecurrent_word:christic next_word:institute
prev_suf:$cur_suf:00prev_word:$current_word:50,000 next_word:and
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:erprev_word:includingcurrent_word:denver next_word:and
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:onprev_word:housingcurrent_word:production next_word:ltd.
prev_suf:``cur_suf:lyprev_word:``current_word:potentially next_word:dangerous
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:enprev_word:andcurrent_word:then next_word:a
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:emprev_word:runningcurrent_word:them next_word:.
prev_suf:socur_suf:edprev_word:alsocurrent_word:affected next_word:sugar
prev_suf:ascur_suf:enprev_word:wascurrent_word:woken next_word:up
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:feprev_word:ofcurrent_word:safe next_word:list
prev_suf:etcur_suf:akprev_word:marketcurrent_word:break next_word:.
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ndprev_word:marchingcurrent_word:band next_word:of
prev_suf:ifcur_suf:eyprev_word:ifcurrent_word:they next_word:came
prev_suf:omcur_suf:ngprev_word:fromcurrent_word:divesting next_word:themselves
prev_suf:edcur_suf:nkprev_word:rtc-ownedcurrent_word:bank next_word:.
prev_suf:acur_suf:kyprev_word:acurrent_word:rocky next_word:start
prev_suf:necur_suf:lyprev_word:donecurrent_word:reasonably next_word:normal
prev_suf:incur_suf:edprev_word:remaincurrent_word:classified next_word:as
prev_suf:;cur_suf:98prev_word:;current_word:7.98 next_word:%
prev_suf:;cur_suf:95prev_word:;current_word:7.95 next_word:%
prev_suf:tocur_suf:97prev_word:tocurrent_word:7.97 next_word:%
prev_suf:$cur_suf:75prev_word:$current_word:375 next_word:million
prev_suf:$cur_suf:74prev_word:$current_word:374 next_word:.
prev_suf:sscur_suf:ldprev_word:flawlesscurrent_word:afield next_word:(
prev_suf:56cur_suf:*8prev_word:56current_word:7\*slash*8 next_word:bid
prev_suf:elcur_suf:amprev_word:drexelcurrent_word:burnham next_word:lambert
prev_suf:wscur_suf:rkprev_word:newscurrent_word:network next_word:of
prev_suf:cecur_suf:ngprev_word:sincecurrent_word:beefing next_word:up
prev_suf:ircur_suf:asprev_word:theircurrent_word:cameras next_word:to
prev_suf:hecur_suf:tsprev_word:thecurrent_word:human-rights next_word:community
prev_suf:ercur_suf:neprev_word:newslettercurrent_word:medicine next_word:.
prev_suf:idcur_suf:thprev_word:saidcurrent_word:judith next_word:ganes
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ngprev_word:aftercurrent_word:sliding next_word:nearly
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:disputed next_word:#
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:elprev_word:rickcurrent_word:reuschel next_word:into
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:rdprev_word:andcurrent_word:standard next_word:conventional
prev_suf:'scur_suf:geprev_word:'scurrent_word:kingsbridge next_word:capital
prev_suf:stcur_suf:anprev_word:firstcurrent_word:baseman next_word:,
prev_suf:utcur_suf:ngprev_word:butcurrent_word:recovering next_word:.
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:newlycurrent_word:created next_word:for
prev_suf:vecur_suf:esprev_word:initiativecurrent_word:creates next_word:a
prev_suf:ascur_suf:ssprev_word:wascurrent_word:flawless next_word:afield
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:erprev_word:creatingcurrent_word:another next_word:2.5
prev_suf:hecur_suf:icprev_word:thecurrent_word:electronic next_word:photography
prev_suf:ancur_suf:kiprev_word:dancurrent_word:rostenkowski next_word:(
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ryprev_word:'scurrent_word:confectionery next_word:,
prev_suf:cecur_suf:erprev_word:florencecurrent_word:griffith-joyner next_word:to
prev_suf:orcur_suf:rsprev_word:orcurrent_word:takeovers next_word:,
prev_suf:urcur_suf:seprev_word:six-hourcurrent_word:compromise next_word:is
prev_suf:hecur_suf:otprev_word:thecurrent_word:upshot next_word:of
prev_suf:yscur_suf:hnprev_word:sayscurrent_word:john next_word:mirek
prev_suf:becur_suf:ngprev_word:becurrent_word:damaging next_word:to
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ntprev_word:'scurrent_word:190-point next_word:plunge
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:edprev_word:fewcurrent_word:diversified next_word:fidelity
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:hascurrent_word:rejected next_word:the
prev_suf:itcur_suf:rsprev_word:circuitcurrent_word:breakers next_word:devised
prev_suf:(cur_suf:hbprev_word:(current_word:nahb next_word:acknowledges
prev_suf:ercur_suf:toprev_word:overcurrent_word:toronto next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:etprev_word:thecurrent_word:target next_word:of
prev_suf:idcur_suf:nkprev_word:saidcurrent_word:citibank next_word:extended
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:scenes next_word:to
prev_suf:ascur_suf:ckprev_word:ascurrent_word:merck next_word:is
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:contrasted next_word:with
prev_suf:tocur_suf:usprev_word:tocurrent_word:minus next_word:$
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.6prev_word:$current_word:30.6 next_word:million
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.4prev_word:$current_word:30.4 next_word:million
prev_suf:acur_suf:stprev_word:acurrent_word:pessimist next_word:,
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:manner next_word:which
prev_suf:sacur_suf:uhprev_word:mersacurrent_word:metruh next_word:.
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:forced next_word:mr.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:thprev_word:thecurrent_word:strength next_word:up
prev_suf:tocur_suf:anprev_word:tocurrent_word:salvadoran next_word:guerrillas
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:latter next_word:,
prev_suf:orcur_suf:esprev_word:majorcurrent_word:indexes next_word:declined
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:meprev_word:ofcurrent_word:rome next_word:.
prev_suf:skcur_suf:esprev_word:taskcurrent_word:forces next_word:that
prev_suf:decur_suf:edprev_word:high-gradecurrent_word:unsecured next_word:notes
prev_suf:iscur_suf:vyprev_word:iscurrent_word:gravy next_word:.
prev_suf:utcur_suf:dyprev_word:butcurrent_word:nobody next_word:wants
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ceprev_word:replacedcurrent_word:bruce next_word:willis
prev_suf:ugcur_suf:ndprev_word:dougcurrent_word:hammond next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ueprev_word:tocurrent_word:sue next_word:for
prev_suf:secur_suf:ngprev_word:casecurrent_word:involving next_word:two
prev_suf:stcur_suf:nyprev_word:westcurrent_word:germany next_word:,
prev_suf:llcur_suf:edprev_word:wallcurrent_word:street-inspired next_word:rally
prev_suf:tocur_suf:seprev_word:tocurrent_word:phase next_word:,
prev_suf:stcur_suf:nsprev_word:eastcurrent_word:germans next_word:trying
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:ascurrent_word:calculated next_word:on
prev_suf:atcur_suf:.7prev_word:atcurrent_word:1738.7 next_word:.
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:unitcurrent_word:accounted next_word:for
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:voting next_word:stock
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:notion next_word:that
prev_suf:hecur_suf:veprev_word:thecurrent_word:reserve next_word:signaled
prev_suf:(cur_suf:d.prev_word:(current_word:d. next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:pre-trading next_word:declaration
prev_suf:lecur_suf:onprev_word:whilecurrent_word:anti-abortion next_word:groups
prev_suf:escur_suf:edprev_word:makescurrent_word:infrared next_word:sensors
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.2prev_word:$current_word:7.2 next_word:million
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.7prev_word:$current_word:7.7 next_word:million
prev_suf:acur_suf:.5prev_word:acurrent_word:7.5 next_word:as
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:wrung next_word:out
prev_suf:acur_suf:.8prev_word:acurrent_word:7.8 next_word:million
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:hascurrent_word:enjoyed next_word:a
prev_suf:mecur_suf:ceprev_word:somecurrent_word:resemblance next_word:to
prev_suf:aocur_suf:boprev_word:isaocurrent_word:ushikubo next_word:,
prev_suf:``cur_suf:teprev_word:``current_word:adequate next_word:''
prev_suf:ancur_suf:doprev_word:cancurrent_word:do next_word:today
prev_suf:$cur_suf:25prev_word:$current_word:25.25 next_word:a
prev_suf:orcur_suf:diprev_word:forcurrent_word:di next_word:giorgio
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ddprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:dd next_word:acquisition
prev_suf:chcur_suf:tsprev_word:suchcurrent_word:endorsements next_word:.
prev_suf:incur_suf:edprev_word:incurrent_word:preferred next_word:stock
prev_suf:,cur_suf:onprev_word:,current_word:quotron next_word:and
prev_suf:edcur_suf:74prev_word:totaledcurrent_word:184.74 next_word:billion
prev_suf:edcur_suf:nsprev_word:dumpedcurrent_word:runs next_word:the
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ngprev_word:provisioncurrent_word:covering next_word:all
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:edprev_word:beingcurrent_word:exchanged next_word:.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:75prev_word:$current_word:20.875 next_word:per
prev_suf:etcur_suf:ntprev_word:choletcurrent_word:dupont next_word:.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:14prev_word:$current_word:414 next_word:million
prev_suf:ancur_suf:16prev_word:thancurrent_word:416 next_word:million
prev_suf:'scur_suf:erprev_word:'scurrent_word:165-member next_word:legislature
prev_suf:atcur_suf:heprev_word:atcurrent_word:prudential-bache next_word:securities
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ryprev_word:transportationcurrent_word:secretary next_word:of
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:39prev_word:yieldingcurrent_word:9.39 next_word:%
prev_suf:uecur_suf:nsprev_word:revenuecurrent_word:projections next_word:that
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:leprev_word:ofcurrent_word:cattle next_word:and
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:nsprev_word:subsequentcurrent_word:discussions next_word:.
prev_suf:llcur_suf:edprev_word:wellcurrent_word:pasted next_word:this
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ayprev_word:saltedcurrent_word:away next_word:.
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:atprev_word:fundcurrent_word:afloat next_word:and
prev_suf:incur_suf:onprev_word:incurrent_word:mid-conversation next_word:,
prev_suf:--cur_suf:ngprev_word:--current_word:plummeting next_word:more
prev_suf:becur_suf:leprev_word:becurrent_word:unable next_word:to
prev_suf:amcur_suf:eyprev_word:williamcurrent_word:farley next_word:followed
prev_suf:&cur_suf:o.prev_word:&current_word:co. next_word:executive
prev_suf:``cur_suf:weprev_word:``current_word:we next_word:have
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:msprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:terms next_word:of
prev_suf:itcur_suf:woprev_word:itcurrent_word:wo next_word:n't
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:downgrades next_word:were
prev_suf:acur_suf:ulprev_word:acurrent_word:handful next_word:of
prev_suf:)cur_suf:tdprev_word:)current_word:ltd next_word:.
prev_suf:%cur_suf:leprev_word:%current_word:convertible next_word:debt
prev_suf:c.cur_suf:edprev_word:inc.current_word:downgraded next_word:its
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:received next_word:under
prev_suf:,cur_suf:lyprev_word:,current_word:essentially next_word:its
prev_suf:hecur_suf:p.prev_word:thecurrent_word:prop. next_word:65
prev_suf:cycur_suf:esprev_word:agencycurrent_word:receives next_word:specific
prev_suf:iscur_suf:erprev_word:hiscurrent_word:receiver next_word:slips
prev_suf:uscur_suf:tsprev_word:numerouscurrent_word:requests next_word:from
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:seprev_word:andcurrent_word:ease next_word:in
prev_suf:recur_suf:ndprev_word:beforecurrent_word:year-end next_word:.
prev_suf:``cur_suf:ghprev_word:``current_word:tough next_word:challenge
prev_suf:16cur_suf:nsprev_word:516current_word:tons next_word:and
prev_suf:acur_suf:veprev_word:acurrent_word:massive next_word:scale
prev_suf:hecur_suf:nyprev_word:thecurrent_word:tony next_word:corney
prev_suf:oncur_suf:icprev_word:oncurrent_word:frenetic next_word:new
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:nsprev_word:ofcurrent_word:telecommunications next_word:and
prev_suf:ancur_suf:akprev_word:cancurrent_word:speak next_word:to
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ngprev_word:forcurrent_word:broadening next_word:its
prev_suf:escur_suf:ngprev_word:executivescurrent_word:claiming next_word:prior
prev_suf:,cur_suf:hsprev_word:,current_word:sachs next_word:&
prev_suf:omcur_suf:esprev_word:fromcurrent_word:duties next_word:that
prev_suf:incur_suf:igprev_word:martincurrent_word:selig next_word:to
prev_suf:encur_suf:esprev_word:betweencurrent_word:families next_word:on
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ngprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:concerning next_word:your
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:arecurrent_word:jeopardized next_word:by
prev_suf:ffcur_suf:15prev_word:offcurrent_word:0.15 next_word:;
prev_suf:encur_suf:stprev_word:best-of-sevencurrent_word:fest next_word:.
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:applied next_word:about
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:itprev_word:couldcurrent_word:inhibit next_word:a
prev_suf:lycur_suf:asprev_word:clearlycurrent_word:has next_word:been
prev_suf:nocur_suf:onprev_word:nocurrent_word:conviction next_word:in
prev_suf:hecur_suf:irprev_word:thecurrent_word:air next_word:,
prev_suf:%cur_suf:imprev_word:%current_word:aim next_word:for
prev_suf:recur_suf:ptprev_word:morecurrent_word:abrupt next_word:slide
prev_suf:sscur_suf:idprev_word:sales-losscurrent_word:aid next_word:to
prev_suf:acur_suf:ceprev_word:acurrent_word:voice next_word:vote
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:hascurrent_word:launched next_word:an
prev_suf:atcur_suf:edprev_word:thatcurrent_word:dumped next_word:holdings
prev_suf:alcur_suf:ueprev_word:fetalcurrent_word:tissue next_word:could
prev_suf:acur_suf:deprev_word:acurrent_word:world-wide next_word:,
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ngprev_word:oncurrent_word:wooing next_word:customers
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:confirmed next_word:american
prev_suf:iscur_suf:seprev_word:thiscurrent_word:grandiose next_word:initiative
prev_suf:llcur_suf:rmprev_word:willcurrent_word:perform next_word:very
prev_suf:necur_suf:ryprev_word:hurricanecurrent_word:jerry next_word:than
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ntprev_word:producingcurrent_word:independent next_word:company
prev_suf:c.cur_suf:ttprev_word:c.current_word:everett next_word:koop
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:hang next_word:seng
prev_suf:atcur_suf:ndprev_word:atcurrent_word:hand next_word:.
prev_suf:evcur_suf:edprev_word:gorbachevcurrent_word:blamed next_word:the
prev_suf:chcur_suf:ptprev_word:whichcurrent_word:kept next_word:fruit
prev_suf:odcur_suf:ioprev_word:goodcurrent_word:scenario next_word:''
prev_suf:ascur_suf:75prev_word:ascurrent_word:1975 next_word:,
prev_suf:iscur_suf:leprev_word:phylliscurrent_word:kyle next_word:stephenson
prev_suf:tscur_suf:edprev_word:itscurrent_word:ragged next_word:behavior
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ctprev_word:tocurrent_word:contact next_word:possible
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:heprev_word:ofcurrent_word:the next_word:fiscal
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ckprev_word:'scurrent_word:gridlock next_word:.
prev_suf:acur_suf:edprev_word:acurrent_word:unified next_word:europe
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:quoted next_word:late
prev_suf:cecur_suf:esprev_word:pricecurrent_word:quotes next_word:immediately
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ksprev_word:quicklycurrent_word:thanks next_word:to
prev_suf:tecur_suf:imprev_word:unfortunatecurrent_word:victim next_word:replied
prev_suf:;cur_suf:15prev_word:;current_word:8.15 next_word:%
prev_suf:lacur_suf:lsprev_word:carlacurrent_word:hills next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ixprev_word:thecurrent_word:mix next_word:of
prev_suf:gocur_suf:erprev_word:chicagocurrent_word:photographer next_word:who
prev_suf:ltcur_suf:ssprev_word:waltcurrent_word:weiss next_word:,
prev_suf:ydcur_suf:htprev_word:lloydcurrent_word:wright next_word:around
prev_suf:wscur_suf:adprev_word:newscurrent_word:spread next_word:that
prev_suf:htcur_suf:rdprev_word:oversightcurrent_word:board next_word:options
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:esprev_word:ofcurrent_word:behind-the-scenes next_word:lobbying
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:edprev_word:beingcurrent_word:photographed next_word:in
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:psprev_word:wearingcurrent_word:caps next_word:bearing
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:esprev_word:blackcurrent_word:boxes next_word:,
prev_suf:aycur_suf:ieprev_word:yesterdaycurrent_word:ginnie next_word:mae
prev_suf:,cur_suf:rsprev_word:,current_word:designers next_word:have
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.6prev_word:$current_word:233.6 next_word:million
prev_suf:llcur_suf:atprev_word:fullcurrent_word:retreat next_word:.
prev_suf:atcur_suf:g.prev_word:sumatcurrent_word:a.g. next_word:and
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ngprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:sprucing next_word:up
prev_suf:'scur_suf:esprev_word:'scurrent_word:securities next_word:firm
prev_suf:stcur_suf:htprev_word:lastcurrent_word:night next_word:vision
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:typrev_word:andcurrent_word:security next_word:services
prev_suf:,cur_suf:dsprev_word:,current_word:sends next_word:shivers
prev_suf:idcur_suf:33prev_word:slidcurrent_word:647.33 next_word:points
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ghprev_word:ofcurrent_word:triborough next_word:bridge
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ngprev_word:andcurrent_word:herring next_word:violate
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:.0prev_word:ofcurrent_word:223.0 next_word:was
prev_suf:'cur_suf:tsprev_word:'current_word:comments next_word:that
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:asking next_word:mccaw
prev_suf:,cur_suf:usprev_word:,current_word:columbus next_word:,
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ngprev_word:ofcurrent_word:marketing next_word:employees
prev_suf:ascur_suf:veprev_word:wascurrent_word:constructive next_word:.
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:restructuring next_word:gain
prev_suf:arcur_suf:lcprev_word:jaguarcurrent_word:plc next_word:and
prev_suf:,cur_suf:alprev_word:,current_word:architectural next_word:firm
prev_suf:nacur_suf:stprev_word:feminacurrent_word:post next_word:reported
prev_suf:eccur_suf:esprev_word:trizeccurrent_word:properties next_word:inc.
prev_suf:incur_suf:rsprev_word:incurrent_word:newspapers next_word:,
prev_suf:alcur_suf:hsprev_word:severalcurrent_word:months next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:esprev_word:,current_word:hostilities next_word:advanced
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:erprev_word:investmentcurrent_word:banker next_word:,
prev_suf:atcur_suf:edprev_word:atcurrent_word:japanese-owned next_word:and
prev_suf:alcur_suf:nsprev_word:technicalcurrent_word:considerations next_word:following
prev_suf:cocur_suf:ysprev_word:nabiscocurrent_word:pays next_word:up
prev_suf:alcur_suf:rsprev_word:politicalcurrent_word:prisoners next_word:risked
prev_suf:tocur_suf:atprev_word:tocurrent_word:float next_word:junk
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:profession next_word:.
prev_suf:'mcur_suf:edprev_word:'mcurrent_word:delighted next_word:that
prev_suf:(cur_suf:toprev_word:(current_word:ditto next_word:in
prev_suf:tecur_suf:edprev_word:ratecurrent_word:capped next_word:one-year
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:arecurrent_word:balanced next_word:to
prev_suf:$cur_suf:17prev_word:$current_word:4.17 next_word:billion
prev_suf:edcur_suf:onprev_word:introducedcurrent_word:legislation next_word:would
prev_suf:hecur_suf:htprev_word:thecurrent_word:fight next_word:against
prev_suf:``cur_suf:alprev_word:``current_word:clinical next_word:ladder
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ayprev_word:thecurrent_word:way next_word:to
prev_suf:aycur_suf:nsprev_word:mondaycurrent_word:editions next_word:of
prev_suf:emcur_suf:asprev_word:systemcurrent_word:was next_word:named
prev_suf:alcur_suf:arprev_word:rhetoricalcurrent_word:war next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:lowest next_word:since
prev_suf:hecur_suf:usprev_word:thecurrent_word:gaseous next_word:substance
prev_suf:'scur_suf:typrev_word:'scurrent_word:vitality next_word:,
prev_suf:ancur_suf:laprev_word:koreancurrent_word:peninsula next_word:.
prev_suf:wncur_suf:etprev_word:owncurrent_word:pre-set next_word:circuit
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ueprev_word:thecurrent_word:true next_word:''
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ntprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:absent next_word:from
prev_suf:02cur_suf:32prev_word:102current_word:2\*slash*32 next_word:,
prev_suf:uycur_suf:typrev_word:buycurrent_word:high-quality next_word:treasury
prev_suf:vecur_suf:umprev_word:achievecurrent_word:maximum next_word:permissible
prev_suf:necur_suf:alprev_word:finecurrent_word:crystal next_word:and
prev_suf:llcur_suf:esprev_word:billcurrent_word:promises next_word:to
prev_suf:$cur_suf:50prev_word:$current_word:3.50 next_word:a
prev_suf:kecur_suf:reprev_word:mikecurrent_word:moore next_word:says
prev_suf:etcur_suf:ngprev_word:setcurrent_word:computing next_word:,
prev_suf:``cur_suf:icprev_word:``current_word:opportunistic next_word:and
prev_suf:recur_suf:ceprev_word:ignorecurrent_word:evidence next_word:that
prev_suf:oucur_suf:edprev_word:youcurrent_word:guessed next_word:black-and-white
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:nyprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:allegheny next_word:ludlum
prev_suf:etcur_suf:edprev_word:marketcurrent_word:weakened next_word:economy
prev_suf:tycur_suf:keprev_word:majoritycurrent_word:stake next_word:in
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:topped next_word:$
prev_suf:iccur_suf:typrev_word:scientificcurrent_word:reality next_word:with
prev_suf:secur_suf:rsprev_word:housecurrent_word:negotiators next_word:initially
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:otherscurrent_word:interested next_word:larger
prev_suf:nkcur_suf:ngprev_word:bankcurrent_word:holding next_word:company
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:test next_word:of
prev_suf:tocur_suf:nkprev_word:tocurrent_word:shrink next_word:its
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:scored next_word:four
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ueprev_word:,current_word:bellevue next_word:,
prev_suf:oncur_suf:rsprev_word:salomoncurrent_word:brothers next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:esprev_word:,current_word:scores next_word:ranging
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:elprev_word:ofcurrent_word:pork-barrel next_word:politics
prev_suf:tycur_suf:}prev_word:communitycurrent_word:} next_word:has
prev_suf:$cur_suf:45prev_word:$current_word:1.2745 next_word:.
prev_suf:chcur_suf:erprev_word:patchcurrent_word:together next_word:to
prev_suf:oncur_suf:teprev_word:oncurrent_word:videocassette next_word:tapes
prev_suf:,cur_suf:j.prev_word:,current_word:n.j. next_word:,
prev_suf:'scur_suf:upprev_word:'scurrent_word:lineup next_word:.
prev_suf:``cur_suf:lyprev_word:``current_word:basically next_word:dropped
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ptprev_word:thecurrent_word:concept next_word:that
prev_suf:igcur_suf:ffprev_word:bigcurrent_word:write-off next_word:of
prev_suf:'scur_suf:alprev_word:'scurrent_word:global next_word:market
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:highlycurrent_word:margined next_word:investments
prev_suf:adcur_suf:ntprev_word:adcurrent_word:supplement next_word:as
prev_suf:alcur_suf:leprev_word:legalcurrent_word:battle next_word:to
prev_suf:incur_suf:lkprev_word:incurrent_word:norwalk next_word:,
prev_suf:``cur_suf:lyprev_word:``current_word:certainly next_word:not
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.6prev_word:$current_word:296.6 next_word:million
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:memberscurrent_word:disapproved next_word:,
prev_suf:incur_suf:stprev_word:incurrent_word:southwest next_word:germany
prev_suf:.cur_suf:wnprev_word:.current_word:brown next_word:&
prev_suf:rscur_suf:lyprev_word:traderscurrent_word:seemingly next_word:in
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:esprev_word:rentingcurrent_word:automobiles next_word:,
prev_suf:alcur_suf:rsprev_word:traditionalcurrent_word:microprocessors next_word:in
prev_suf:ercur_suf:esprev_word:othercurrent_word:entries next_word:made
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:arprev_word:andcurrent_word:10-year next_word:note
prev_suf:,cur_suf:leprev_word:,current_word:trouble next_word:began
prev_suf:eycur_suf:edprev_word:theycurrent_word:perceived next_word:target
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:nsprev_word:andcurrent_word:turns next_word:.
prev_suf:iscur_suf:leprev_word:iscurrent_word:fragile next_word:at
prev_suf:rycur_suf:uyprev_word:everycurrent_word:guy next_word:who
prev_suf:tscur_suf:icprev_word:itscurrent_word:rubric next_word:.
prev_suf:'scur_suf:etprev_word:'scurrent_word:plummet next_word:,
prev_suf:etcur_suf:edprev_word:marketcurrent_word:regained next_word:strength
prev_suf:nocur_suf:stprev_word:nocurrent_word:cost next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:typrev_word:thecurrent_word:scarcity next_word:of
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.9prev_word:$current_word:310.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:tocur_suf:arprev_word:tocurrent_word:appear next_word:to
prev_suf:nkcur_suf:ceprev_word:open-bankcurrent_word:assistance next_word:to
prev_suf:gecur_suf:esprev_word:averagecurrent_word:shares next_word:now
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.2prev_word:$current_word:188.2 next_word:million
prev_suf:iscur_suf:edprev_word:iscurrent_word:shared next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:appeal next_word:.
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:fyprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:satisfy next_word:antitrust
prev_suf:ascur_suf:alprev_word:ascurrent_word:collateral next_word:.
prev_suf:tscur_suf:btprev_word:itscurrent_word:foreign-debt next_word:reserve
prev_suf:amcur_suf:s.prev_word:putnamcurrent_word:cos. next_word:posted
prev_suf:,cur_suf:30prev_word:,current_word:2:30 next_word:p.m.
prev_suf:&cur_suf:amprev_word:&current_word:rubicam next_word:and
prev_suf:,cur_suf:esprev_word:,current_word:teaches next_word:at
prev_suf:iicur_suf:rsprev_word:hawaiicurrent_word:appears next_word:to
prev_suf:gecur_suf:geprev_word:percentagecurrent_word:change next_word:and
prev_suf:otcur_suf:ngprev_word:notcurrent_word:sending next_word:an
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:exemption next_word:from
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:alprev_word:standingcurrent_word:trial next_word:over
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:39prev_word:ofcurrent_word:439 next_word:companies
prev_suf:utcur_suf:lyprev_word:butcurrent_word:usually next_word:on
prev_suf:acur_suf:alprev_word:acurrent_word:montreal next_word:exchange
prev_suf:vecur_suf:edprev_word:havecurrent_word:retired next_word:from
prev_suf:hacur_suf:ngprev_word:fhacurrent_word:lending next_word:practices
prev_suf:secur_suf:edprev_word:risecurrent_word:marked next_word:the
prev_suf:hecur_suf:etprev_word:thecurrent_word:market next_word:for
prev_suf:tocur_suf:veprev_word:tocurrent_word:prove next_word:that
prev_suf:encur_suf:veprev_word:childrencurrent_word:live next_word:?
prev_suf:racur_suf:ubprev_word:sierracurrent_word:club next_word:,
prev_suf:acur_suf:ueprev_word:acurrent_word:clue next_word:as
prev_suf:orcur_suf:csprev_word:orcurrent_word:cfcs next_word:are
prev_suf:ancur_suf:alprev_word:ancurrent_word:instructional next_word:video
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:bmprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:ibm next_word:'s
prev_suf:alcur_suf:arprev_word:nationalcurrent_word:car next_word:production
prev_suf:nkcur_suf:neprev_word:frankcurrent_word:tremdine next_word:
prev_suf:ircur_suf:stprev_word:theircurrent_word:hardest next_word:hit
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:tsprev_word:ofcurrent_word:incidents next_word:that
prev_suf:cycur_suf:anprev_word:agencycurrent_word:can next_word:put
prev_suf:hecur_suf:acprev_word:thecurrent_word:cac next_word:general
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ntprev_word:thecurrent_word:lubricant next_word:oils
prev_suf:tocur_suf:aaprev_word:tocurrent_word:caa next_word:.
prev_suf::cur_suf:onprev_word::current_word:fulton next_word:prebon
prev_suf:``cur_suf:alprev_word:``current_word:social next_word:dimension
prev_suf:hecur_suf:rtprev_word:thecurrent_word:heart next_word:of
prev_suf:yscur_suf:ngprev_word:sayscurrent_word:expanding next_word:its
prev_suf:orcur_suf:esprev_word:forcurrent_word:subsidies next_word:.
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:onlycurrent_word:paused next_word:for
prev_suf:recur_suf:rdprev_word:werecurrent_word:heard next_word:for
prev_suf:ircur_suf:inprev_word:theircurrent_word:chin next_word:out
prev_suf:thcur_suf:ngprev_word:withcurrent_word:clothing next_word:maker
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:urprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:occur next_word:yesterday
prev_suf:tecur_suf:ciprev_word:petecurrent_word:domenici next_word:calls
prev_suf:orcur_suf:dsprev_word:colorcurrent_word:spreads next_word:of
prev_suf:rscur_suf:teprev_word:otherscurrent_word:write next_word:off
prev_suf:hecur_suf:arprev_word:thecurrent_word:multibillion-dollar next_word:prospects
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ceprev_word:itscurrent_word:dominance next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:myprev_word:thecurrent_word:economy next_word:.
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ctprev_word:itscurrent_word:product next_word:line
prev_suf:iscur_suf:icprev_word:iscurrent_word:realistic next_word:.
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ieprev_word:andcurrent_word:apple-pie next_word:issue
prev_suf:htcur_suf:ceprev_word:mightcurrent_word:sacrifice next_word:costly
prev_suf:tocur_suf:rnprev_word:tocurrent_word:southern next_word:city
prev_suf:ascur_suf:70prev_word:ascurrent_word:0.70 next_word:percentage
prev_suf:hecur_suf:icprev_word:thecurrent_word:drastic next_word:step
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:esprev_word:ofcurrent_word:heroes next_word:to
prev_suf:tecur_suf:rsprev_word:latecurrent_word:eurodollars next_word::
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:erprev_word:tradingcurrent_word:whenever next_word:panic
prev_suf:alcur_suf:esprev_word:financialcurrent_word:futures next_word:contract
prev_suf:ancur_suf:itprev_word:ancurrent_word:explicit next_word:effort
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.8prev_word:$current_word:5.8 next_word:million
prev_suf:owcur_suf:edprev_word:dowcurrent_word:accelerated next_word:its
prev_suf:idcur_suf:elprev_word:saidcurrent_word:michel next_word:vigier
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:alprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:typical next_word:,
prev_suf:'scur_suf:o.prev_word:'scurrent_word:no. next_word:111
prev_suf:rscur_suf:ngprev_word:carrierscurrent_word:serving next_word:rural
prev_suf:hecur_suf:beprev_word:thecurrent_word:globe next_word:.
prev_suf:aycur_suf:edprev_word:maycurrent_word:indeed next_word:,
prev_suf:nscur_suf:edprev_word:screenscurrent_word:displayed next_word:the
prev_suf:igcur_suf:ngprev_word:bigcurrent_word:consulting next_word:role
prev_suf:aycur_suf:edprev_word:daycurrent_word:ended next_word:,
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:stayed next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ldprev_word:thecurrent_word:cold next_word:water
prev_suf:iscur_suf:llprev_word:iscurrent_word:still next_word:controls
prev_suf:gecur_suf:gsprev_word:high-leveragecurrent_word:restructurings next_word:.
prev_suf:escur_suf:geprev_word:doescurrent_word:acknowledge next_word:that
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:werecurrent_word:reacting next_word:early
prev_suf:ercur_suf:msprev_word:othercurrent_word:forms next_word:the
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ayprev_word:,current_word:norway next_word:'s
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ltprev_word:tocurrent_word:halt next_word:to
prev_suf:,cur_suf:teprev_word:,current_word:disparate next_word:or
prev_suf:$cur_suf:00prev_word:$current_word:100,000 next_word:.
prev_suf:utcur_suf:00prev_word:aboutcurrent_word:55,000 next_word:.
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:nsprev_word:andcurrent_word:transmissions next_word:products
prev_suf:hecur_suf:hyprev_word:thecurrent_word:wealthy next_word:hollywood
prev_suf:aycur_suf:otprev_word:maycurrent_word:not next_word:everybody
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:owprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:now next_word:in
prev_suf:oncur_suf:onprev_word:billioncurrent_word:provision next_word:for
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ssprev_word:tocurrent_word:discuss next_word:its
prev_suf:&cur_suf:owprev_word:&current_word:barrow next_word:wine
prev_suf:incur_suf:ryprev_word:incurrent_word:january next_word:,
prev_suf:%cur_suf:opprev_word:%current_word:drop next_word:in
prev_suf:kscur_suf:orprev_word:bankscurrent_word:and\*slash*or next_word:issue
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.2prev_word:$current_word:22.2 next_word:million
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.1prev_word:$current_word:22.1 next_word:million
prev_suf:'scur_suf:.6prev_word:'scurrent_word:22.6 next_word:%
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:lmprev_word:andcurrent_word:stockholm next_word:.
prev_suf:necur_suf:lyprev_word:donecurrent_word:entirely next_word:different
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:elprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:el next_word:salvador
prev_suf:etcur_suf:enprev_word:marketcurrent_word:en next_word:masse
prev_suf:aycur_suf:edprev_word:fridaycurrent_word:prompted next_word:,
prev_suf:gecur_suf:ngprev_word:languagecurrent_word:directing next_word:the
prev_suf:tecur_suf:tsprev_word:black-and-whitecurrent_word:snapshots next_word:.
prev_suf:chcur_suf:esprev_word:whichcurrent_word:challenges next_word:an
prev_suf:eecur_suf:rsprev_word:mcnameecurrent_word:wcrs next_word:.
prev_suf:ancur_suf:enprev_word:cancurrent_word:happen next_word:{
prev_suf:;cur_suf:70prev_word:;current_word:8.70 next_word:to
prev_suf:'scur_suf:rsprev_word:'scurrent_word:monitors next_word:make
prev_suf:,cur_suf:erprev_word:,current_word:er next_word:,
prev_suf:excur_suf:edprev_word:indexcurrent_word:opened next_word:a
prev_suf:lycur_suf:shprev_word:particularlycurrent_word:bullish next_word:positions
prev_suf:tocur_suf:41prev_word:tocurrent_word:61.41 next_word:billion
prev_suf:,cur_suf:daprev_word:,current_word:sunda next_word:shell
prev_suf:gecur_suf:seprev_word:wagecurrent_word:increase next_word:throughout
prev_suf:ifcur_suf:alprev_word:ifcurrent_word:rational next_word:science
prev_suf:lscur_suf:goprev_word:wellscurrent_word:fargo next_word:bank
prev_suf:incur_suf:ngprev_word:begincurrent_word:receiving next_word:$
prev_suf:aycur_suf:wsprev_word:fridaycurrent_word:shows next_word:``
prev_suf:,cur_suf:n.prev_word:,current_word:kan. next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:lyprev_word:andcurrent_word:inevitably next_word:are
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:e.prev_word:STARTcurrent_word:e. next_word:robert
prev_suf:acur_suf:ceprev_word:acurrent_word:divergence next_word:in
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:icprev_word:ultrasoundcurrent_word:diagnostic next_word:systems
prev_suf:ancur_suf:edprev_word:ancurrent_word:unwanted next_word:new
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ioprev_word:,current_word:ohio next_word:mattress
prev_suf:hecur_suf:seprev_word:thecurrent_word:repurchase next_word:.
prev_suf:nocur_suf:onprev_word:nocurrent_word:obligation next_word:to
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:raprev_word:andcurrent_word:cara next_word:operations
prev_suf:hecur_suf:meprev_word:thecurrent_word:lme next_word:stocks
prev_suf:edcur_suf:reprev_word:registeredcurrent_word:care next_word:package
prev_suf:alcur_suf:edprev_word:conventionalcurrent_word:fixed next_word:rate-mortgages
prev_suf:hecur_suf:shprev_word:thecurrent_word:british next_word:version
prev_suf:recur_suf:leprev_word:arecurrent_word:survivable next_word:and
prev_suf:edcur_suf:rtprev_word:expressedcurrent_word:support next_word:the
prev_suf:bycur_suf:16prev_word:bycurrent_word:516 next_word:tons
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ngprev_word:andcurrent_word:striking next_word:machinists
prev_suf:emcur_suf:lyprev_word:themcurrent_word:directly next_word:into
prev_suf:iscur_suf:leprev_word:iscurrent_word:impossible next_word:to
prev_suf:arcur_suf:geprev_word:familiarcurrent_word:message next_word:to
prev_suf:escur_suf:veprev_word:pricescurrent_word:drove next_word:municipal
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:owprev_word:duringcurrent_word:tomorrow next_word:,
prev_suf:vecur_suf:emprev_word:lovecurrent_word:'em next_word:both
prev_suf:incur_suf:zeprev_word:incurrent_word:size next_word:of
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ngprev_word:ofcurrent_word:revoking next_word:the
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.6prev_word:$current_word:108.6 next_word:million
prev_suf:encur_suf:ntprev_word:beencurrent_word:silent next_word:in
prev_suf:vecur_suf:edprev_word:havecurrent_word:waned next_word:,
prev_suf:awcur_suf:htprev_word:lawcurrent_word:caught next_word:my
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:ntprev_word:efficientcurrent_word:reinvestment next_word:''
prev_suf:lecur_suf:ksprev_word:valuablecurrent_word:tusks next_word:.
prev_suf:iscur_suf:seprev_word:pariscurrent_word:bourse next_word:a
prev_suf:hecur_suf:icprev_word:thecurrent_word:tragic next_word:results
prev_suf:,cur_suf:veprev_word:,current_word:cost-effective next_word:service
prev_suf:oncur_suf:atprev_word:legislationcurrent_word:that next_word:earnings
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ghprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:pittsburgh next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:onprev_word:aftercurrent_word:taxation next_word:and
prev_suf:thcur_suf:ckprev_word:griffithcurrent_word:peck next_word:,
prev_suf:oncur_suf:nkprev_word:londoncurrent_word:interbank next_word:offered
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:lsprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:professionals next_word:were
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:onprev_word:newcurrent_word:television next_word:entertainment
prev_suf:orcur_suf:smprev_word:forcurrent_word:optimism next_word:is
prev_suf:acur_suf:meprev_word:acurrent_word:troublesome next_word:prospect
prev_suf:alcur_suf:rsprev_word:individualcurrent_word:investors next_word:turn
prev_suf:escur_suf:edprev_word:figurescurrent_word:remained next_word:between
prev_suf:ercur_suf:igprev_word:rogercurrent_word:craig next_word:.
prev_suf:acur_suf:onprev_word:acurrent_word:correction next_word:,
prev_suf:tscur_suf:thprev_word:itscurrent_word:13th next_word:day
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.9prev_word:$current_word:81.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:deprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:investment-grade next_word:corporate
prev_suf:llcur_suf:erprev_word:willcurrent_word:recover next_word:environmentally
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:rmprev_word:presentcurrent_word:form next_word:of
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ntprev_word:ancurrent_word:undercurrent next_word:than
prev_suf:ercur_suf:anprev_word:anothercurrent_word:veteran next_word:painewebber
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ntprev_word:,current_word:equipment next_word:and
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:r.prev_word:STARTcurrent_word:mr. next_word:sim
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:usprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:maxus next_word:,
prev_suf:stcur_suf:veprev_word:firstcurrent_word:objective next_word:.
prev_suf:llcur_suf:inprev_word:willcurrent_word:begin next_word:a
prev_suf:..cur_suf:veprev_word:...current_word:oppressive next_word:management
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ssprev_word:andcurrent_word:attractiveness next_word:to
prev_suf:acur_suf:ceprev_word:acurrent_word:price next_word:far
prev_suf:recur_suf:lyprev_word:werecurrent_word:neatly next_word:stacked
prev_suf:hecur_suf:leprev_word:thecurrent_word:rationale next_word:is
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:caprev_word:followingcurrent_word:america next_word:ratified
prev_suf:secur_suf:lsprev_word:housecurrent_word:appraisals next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:nsprev_word:thecurrent_word:implications next_word:for
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:clearing next_word:firms
prev_suf:itcur_suf:lyprev_word:itcurrent_word:conservatively next_word:,
prev_suf:bycur_suf:alprev_word:bycurrent_word:professional next_word:photographers
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:lyprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:typically next_word:financing
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:raprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:mra next_word:staffing
prev_suf:utcur_suf:30prev_word:aboutcurrent_word:7:30 next_word:p.m.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:76prev_word:$current_word:3.76 next_word:a
prev_suf:stcur_suf:anprev_word:westcurrent_word:german next_word:people
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:discovered next_word:intan
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:erprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:right-hander next_word:dave
prev_suf:hecur_suf:thprev_word:thecurrent_word:fifth next_word:straight
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ngprev_word:quicklycurrent_word:realizing next_word:the
prev_suf:acur_suf:ioprev_word:acurrent_word:ratio next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:leprev_word:thecurrent_word:title next_word:of
prev_suf:acur_suf:onprev_word:acurrent_word:proclamation next_word:,
prev_suf:vecur_suf:esprev_word:legislativecurrent_word:atrocities next_word:as
prev_suf:gscur_suf:lyprev_word:borrowingscurrent_word:only next_word:62
prev_suf:hecur_suf:raprev_word:thecurrent_word:sierra next_word:club
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:teprev_word:ofcurrent_word:interstate next_word:commerce
prev_suf:hecur_suf:.3prev_word:thecurrent_word:416.3 next_word:million
prev_suf:rycur_suf:elprev_word:secretarycurrent_word:samuel next_word:skinner
prev_suf:tocur_suf:00prev_word:tocurrent_word:89,300 next_word:tons
prev_suf:$cur_suf:reprev_word:$current_word:15-a-share next_word:bid
prev_suf:llcur_suf:inprev_word:mitchellcurrent_word:fromstein next_word:said
prev_suf:orcur_suf:onprev_word:forcurrent_word:salomon next_word:brothers
prev_suf:rycur_suf:rsprev_word:militarycurrent_word:lasers next_word:and
prev_suf:iccur_suf:stprev_word:dramaticcurrent_word:burst next_word:upward
prev_suf:ghcur_suf:lyprev_word:thoughcurrent_word:physically next_word:separate
prev_suf:escur_suf:edprev_word:issuescurrent_word:staged next_word:a
prev_suf:rscur_suf:itprev_word:considerscurrent_word:unfit next_word:.
prev_suf:alcur_suf:rtprev_word:quintessentialcurrent_word:sport next_word:ltd.
prev_suf:alcur_suf:rnprev_word:professionalcurrent_word:concern next_word:,
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:fullycurrent_word:staffed next_word:during
prev_suf:thcur_suf:.7prev_word:withcurrent_word:574.7 next_word:million
prev_suf:tacur_suf:ngprev_word:deltacurrent_word:cotton-growing next_word:area
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:3prev_word:andcurrent_word:3 next_word:failed
prev_suf:necur_suf:enprev_word:onecurrent_word:between next_word:the
prev_suf:ancur_suf:rtprev_word:ancurrent_word:import next_word:order
prev_suf:tecur_suf:ckprev_word:latecurrent_word:comeback next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:taxpayer next_word:'s
prev_suf:hecur_suf:exprev_word:thecurrent_word:comex next_word:gain
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:ckprev_word:stockcurrent_word:buy-back next_word:programs
prev_suf:alcur_suf:gsprev_word:municipalcurrent_word:underwritings next_word:.
prev_suf:cecur_suf:esprev_word:confidencecurrent_word:comes next_word:out
prev_suf:etcur_suf:byprev_word:streetcurrent_word:nearby next_word:.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:50prev_word:$current_word:150 next_word:days
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:nsprev_word:pitchingcurrent_word:jeans next_word:and
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:no-smoking next_word:area
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:erprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:moreover next_word:,
prev_suf:``cur_suf:edprev_word:``current_word:char-grilled next_word:''
prev_suf:llcur_suf:96prev_word:fellcurrent_word:100.96 next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:rsprev_word:overcurrent_word:dangers next_word:posed
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:edprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:disclosed next_word:the
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:esprev_word:impendingcurrent_word:shortages next_word:.
prev_suf:utcur_suf:00prev_word:aboutcurrent_word:2,400 next_word:of
prev_suf:rycur_suf:rsprev_word:industrycurrent_word:observers next_word:agreed
prev_suf:ghcur_suf:alprev_word:throughcurrent_word:external next_word:growth
prev_suf:,cur_suf:''prev_word:,current_word:'' next_word:he
prev_suf:atcur_suf:45prev_word:atcurrent_word:3:45 next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ngprev_word:andcurrent_word:developing next_word:costs
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:seprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:these next_word:businesses
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:roprev_word:andcurrent_word:valero next_word:energy
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ntprev_word:thecurrent_word:164.78-point next_word:fall
prev_suf:encur_suf:rdprev_word:beencurrent_word:laggard next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:lsprev_word:thecurrent_word:heels next_word:of
prev_suf:``cur_suf:lyprev_word:``current_word:adversely next_word:affect
prev_suf:escur_suf:opprev_word:drugstorescurrent_word:develop next_word:a
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:.5prev_word:fallingcurrent_word:11.5 next_word:%
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ckprev_word:thecurrent_word:20-stock next_word:dow
prev_suf:tocur_suf:shprev_word:tocurrent_word:finish next_word:a
prev_suf:lycur_suf:nsprev_word:familycurrent_word:reunions next_word:would
prev_suf:dacur_suf:itprev_word:floridacurrent_word:fruit next_word:of
prev_suf:oncur_suf:esprev_word:commissioncurrent_word:investigates next_word:election
prev_suf:ircur_suf:esprev_word:theircurrent_word:favorites next_word:and
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:hiscurrent_word:racketeering next_word:conviction
prev_suf:adcur_suf:edprev_word:hadcurrent_word:complained next_word:about
prev_suf:tscur_suf:86prev_word:itscurrent_word:8086 next_word:family
prev_suf:ercur_suf:esprev_word:overcurrent_word:charges next_word:brought
prev_suf:escur_suf:alprev_word:includescurrent_word:constitutional next_word:and
prev_suf:acur_suf:reprev_word:acurrent_word:severe next_word:drop
prev_suf:thcur_suf:enprev_word:bothcurrent_word:congressmen next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:enprev_word:thecurrent_word:a-men next_word:batting
prev_suf:oncur_suf:edprev_word:commissioncurrent_word:charged next_word:along
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ckprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:livestock next_word:and
prev_suf:edcur_suf:leprev_word:learnedcurrent_word:valuable next_word:tusks
prev_suf:ercur_suf:erprev_word:dodgercurrent_word:slugger next_word:wisely
prev_suf:acur_suf:chprev_word:acurrent_word:touch next_word:higher
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:edprev_word:lightningcurrent_word:speed next_word:to
prev_suf:acur_suf:thprev_word:acurrent_word:death next_word:watch
prev_suf:hecur_suf:anprev_word:thecurrent_word:u.s.-canadian next_word:``
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:lyprev_word:andcurrent_word:farm-supply next_word:store
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ntprev_word:broad-basedcurrent_word:improvement next_word:''
prev_suf:hecur_suf:30prev_word:thecurrent_word:9:30 next_word:a.m.
prev_suf:iacur_suf:ntprev_word:mediacurrent_word:treatment next_word:ever
prev_suf:rkcur_suf:tsprev_word:workcurrent_word:complements next_word:efforts
prev_suf:lycur_suf:htprev_word:simplycurrent_word:overbought next_word:,
prev_suf:adcur_suf:ckprev_word:hadcurrent_word:struck next_word:down
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:umprev_word:newcurrent_word:momentum next_word:to
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:real next_word:signs
prev_suf:secur_suf:esprev_word:housecurrent_word:conferees next_word:approved
prev_suf:hecur_suf:arprev_word:thecurrent_word:spectacular next_word:performer
prev_suf:ancur_suf:adprev_word:cancurrent_word:read next_word:his
prev_suf:mecur_suf:lyprev_word:overcamecurrent_word:early next_word:in
prev_suf:``cur_suf:ctprev_word:``current_word:detract next_word:from
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ngprev_word:currentlycurrent_word:using next_word:fetal
prev_suf:orcur_suf:mrprev_word:forcurrent_word:amr next_word:corp.
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:hascurrent_word:ruled next_word:anticompetitive
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:dsprev_word:ofcurrent_word:pounds next_word:of
prev_suf:acur_suf:veprev_word:acurrent_word:collective next_word:bargaining
prev_suf:oncur_suf:lyprev_word:billioncurrent_word:annually next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:itprev_word:thecurrent_word:benefit next_word:directly
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.4prev_word:$current_word:133.4 next_word:million
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:utprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:output next_word:at
prev_suf:edcur_suf:rdprev_word:inchedcurrent_word:downward next_word:early
prev_suf:nscur_suf:edprev_word:nationscurrent_word:endorsed next_word:a
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ndprev_word:orcurrent_word:intend next_word:more
prev_suf:$cur_suf:50prev_word:$current_word:76.50 next_word:.
prev_suf:cecur_suf:isprev_word:brucecurrent_word:willis next_word:in
prev_suf:escur_suf:edprev_word:salescurrent_word:recorded next_word:by
prev_suf:edcur_suf:veprev_word:d.c.-basedcurrent_word:conservative next_word:wire
prev_suf:etcur_suf:itprev_word:budgetcurrent_word:deficit next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:onprev_word:andcurrent_word:epson next_word:america
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ssprev_word:tocurrent_word:business next_word:friday
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ntprev_word:roughlycurrent_word:equivalent next_word:in
prev_suf:,cur_suf:onprev_word:,current_word:tuition next_word:reimbursement
prev_suf:lycur_suf:syprev_word:generallycurrent_word:uneasy next_word:.
prev_suf:nkcur_suf:rgprev_word:frankcurrent_word:lautenberg next_word:'s
prev_suf:ascur_suf:icprev_word:wascurrent_word:hectic next_word:during
prev_suf:j.cur_suf:isprev_word:j.current_word:francis next_word:palamara
prev_suf:m.cur_suf:ldprev_word:m.current_word:machold next_word:,
prev_suf:oncur_suf:edprev_word:oncurrent_word:invested next_word:capital
prev_suf:nycur_suf:50prev_word:germanycurrent_word:8.50 next_word:%
prev_suf:iccur_suf:okprev_word:economiccurrent_word:outlook next_word:for
prev_suf:hecur_suf:orprev_word:thecurrent_word:operator next_word:in
prev_suf:orcur_suf:urprev_word:forcurrent_word:your next_word:offers
prev_suf:,cur_suf:eaprev_word:,current_word:area next_word:is
prev_suf:,cur_suf:n.prev_word:,current_word:minn. next_word:)
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:tzprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:hertz next_word:equipment
prev_suf:acur_suf:toprev_word:acurrent_word:cato next_word:institute
prev_suf:tocur_suf:rtprev_word:tocurrent_word:start next_word:.
prev_suf:tscur_suf:owprev_word:itscurrent_word:low next_word:,
prev_suf:odcur_suf:rsprev_word:hollywoodcurrent_word:stars next_word:,
prev_suf:incur_suf:etprev_word:incurrent_word:somerset next_word:,
prev_suf:owcur_suf:esprev_word:dowcurrent_word:jones next_word:transportation
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:jrprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:rjr next_word:nabisco
prev_suf:stcur_suf:erprev_word:winningestcurrent_word:pitcher next_word:during
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:delayed next_word:a
prev_suf:etcur_suf:edprev_word:marketcurrent_word:recouped next_word:two-thirds
prev_suf:edcur_suf:dsprev_word:recoupedcurrent_word:two-thirds next_word:of
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ngprev_word:morningcurrent_word:trying next_word:to
prev_suf:incur_suf:ceprev_word:incurrent_word:appliance next_word:manufacture
prev_suf:mecur_suf:rsprev_word:homecurrent_word:builders next_word:'
prev_suf:llcur_suf:tsprev_word:allcurrent_word:intents next_word:and
prev_suf:gecur_suf:00prev_word:mergecurrent_word:600 next_word:million
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:moved next_word:higher
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:sales next_word:climbed
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ksprev_word:sufferedcurrent_word:aftershocks next_word:of
prev_suf:m.cur_suf:emprev_word:m.current_word:salem next_word:said
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:moves next_word:also
prev_suf:18cur_suf:lsprev_word:618current_word:hospitals next_word:have
prev_suf:encur_suf:gsprev_word:sevencurrent_word:innings next_word:in
prev_suf:chcur_suf:typrev_word:muchcurrent_word:credibility next_word:you
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:hyprev_word:andcurrent_word:cinematography next_word:.
prev_suf:ifcur_suf:ouprev_word:ifcurrent_word:you next_word:'re
prev_suf:bycur_suf:ngprev_word:bycurrent_word:forcing next_word:ramada
prev_suf:hecur_suf:orprev_word:thecurrent_word:poor next_word:'s
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ftprev_word:tocurrent_word:drift next_word:as
prev_suf:cecur_suf:ngprev_word:placecurrent_word:whistling next_word:dixie
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:computerized next_word:trading
prev_suf:acur_suf:akprev_word:acurrent_word:peak next_word:in
prev_suf:sscur_suf:geprev_word:losscurrent_word:coverage next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:olprev_word:thecurrent_word:pool next_word:of
prev_suf:thcur_suf:htprev_word:elizabethcurrent_word:hambrecht next_word:,
prev_suf:incur_suf:alprev_word:incurrent_word:fiscal next_word:1988
prev_suf:ercur_suf:hyprev_word:eithercurrent_word:apathy next_word:or
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:signalling next_word:federal
prev_suf:mecur_suf:ipprev_word:somecurrent_word:blue-chip next_word:stocks
prev_suf:dicur_suf:ioprev_word:dicurrent_word:giorgio next_word:closed
prev_suf:stcur_suf:thprev_word:lastcurrent_word:month next_word:after
prev_suf:ilcur_suf:stprev_word:civilcurrent_word:unrest next_word:,
prev_suf:'scur_suf:arprev_word:'scurrent_word:40-year next_word:history
prev_suf:''cur_suf:orprev_word:''current_word:fervor next_word:to
prev_suf:aycur_suf:edprev_word:daycurrent_word:dominated next_word:municipal
prev_suf:eecur_suf:nsprev_word:threecurrent_word:divisions next_word:plus
prev_suf:acur_suf:ryprev_word:acurrent_word:very next_word:satisfactorily
prev_suf:aycur_suf:deprev_word:maycurrent_word:decide next_word:whether
prev_suf:urcur_suf:--prev_word:hourcurrent_word:-- next_word:meaning
prev_suf:rycur_suf:isprev_word:secretarycurrent_word:louis next_word:,
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:erprev_word:giantcurrent_word:manager next_word:at
prev_suf:iccur_suf:itprev_word:specificcurrent_word:circuit next_word:breaker
prev_suf:dscur_suf:ngprev_word:adscurrent_word:trumpeting next_word:a
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.9prev_word:$current_word:94.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:uscur_suf:rsprev_word:health-consciouscurrent_word:consumers next_word:long
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ngprev_word:oncurrent_word:investing next_word:,
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:edprev_word:beingcurrent_word:labeled next_word:the
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:witnesses next_word:,
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:esprev_word:stockcurrent_word:certificates next_word:of
prev_suf:mscur_suf:edprev_word:firmscurrent_word:learned next_word:valuable
prev_suf:alcur_suf:ilprev_word:politicalcurrent_word:turmoil next_word:.
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:seprev_word:everythingcurrent_word:loose next_word:would
prev_suf:chcur_suf:ksprev_word:whichcurrent_word:tracks next_word:,
prev_suf:rycur_suf:veprev_word:verycurrent_word:selective next_word:,
prev_suf:thcur_suf:anprev_word:withcurrent_word:gramm-rudman next_word:spending
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ssprev_word:ancurrent_word:excess next_word:of
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:strong next_word:earnings
prev_suf:itcur_suf:adprev_word:itcurrent_word:ahead next_word:of
prev_suf:tscur_suf:esprev_word:itscurrent_word:losses next_word:.
prev_suf:bycur_suf:lyprev_word:bycurrent_word:exceptionally next_word:long
prev_suf:cecur_suf:ntprev_word:facecurrent_word:amount next_word:j.p.
prev_suf:ifcur_suf:ngprev_word:ifcurrent_word:advertising next_word:and
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.9prev_word:$current_word:349.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:leprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:biodegradable next_word:.
prev_suf:iscur_suf:lyprev_word:hiscurrent_word:family next_word:.
prev_suf:alcur_suf:orprev_word:federalcurrent_word:mediator next_word:,
prev_suf:nscur_suf:ngprev_word:regulationscurrent_word:requiring next_word:that
prev_suf:atcur_suf:yoprev_word:atcurrent_word:toyo next_word:trust
prev_suf:etcur_suf:erprev_word:margaretcurrent_word:thatcher next_word:and
prev_suf:escur_suf:edprev_word:sharescurrent_word:tendered next_word:.
prev_suf:iscur_suf:edprev_word:iscurrent_word:aimed next_word:at
prev_suf:orcur_suf:edprev_word:forcurrent_word:trained next_word:labor
prev_suf:rdcur_suf:alprev_word:standardcurrent_word:conventional next_word:fixed
prev_suf:acur_suf:ayprev_word:acurrent_word:one-day next_word:record
prev_suf:,cur_suf:stprev_word:,current_word:almost next_word:none
prev_suf:becur_suf:enprev_word:becurrent_word:taken next_word:last
prev_suf:alcur_suf:onprev_word:congressionalcurrent_word:authorization next_word:.
prev_suf:nycur_suf:caprev_word:companycurrent_word:bankamerica next_word:corp.
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:odprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:fast-food next_word:industry
prev_suf:ancur_suf:r.prev_word:phelancurrent_word:jr. next_word:that
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:taprev_word:ofcurrent_word:regatta next_word:acquisition
prev_suf:acur_suf:lyprev_word:acurrent_word:surprisingly next_word:lackluster
prev_suf:``cur_suf:seprev_word:``current_word:excuse next_word:for
prev_suf:ercur_suf:keprev_word:othercurrent_word:broke next_word:out
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ngprev_word:andcurrent_word:producing next_word:increased
prev_suf:socur_suf:edprev_word:alsocurrent_word:helped next_word:launch
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:union-bidder next_word:expects
prev_suf:hecur_suf:nsprev_word:thecurrent_word:veterans next_word:affairs
prev_suf:thcur_suf:onprev_word:healthcurrent_word:coalition next_word:controls
prev_suf:hecur_suf:neprev_word:thecurrent_word:nine next_word:minutes
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ryprev_word:'scurrent_word:history next_word:,
prev_suf:chcur_suf:esprev_word:whichcurrent_word:pushes next_word:the
prev_suf:tocur_suf:49prev_word:tocurrent_word:749 next_word:,
prev_suf:cecur_suf:edprev_word:oncecurrent_word:pushed next_word:stocks
prev_suf:etcur_suf:smprev_word:marketcurrent_word:fundamentalism next_word:that
prev_suf:yscur_suf:f.prev_word:sayscurrent_word:f. next_word:john
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:rsprev_word:ofcurrent_word:processors next_word:began
prev_suf:obcur_suf:keprev_word:bobcurrent_word:clarke next_word:,
prev_suf:aycur_suf:erprev_word:saturdaycurrent_word:ledger next_word:.
prev_suf:cacur_suf:edprev_word:americacurrent_word:ratified next_word:a
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ctprev_word:tocurrent_word:reject next_word:a
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ndprev_word:,current_word:13-pound next_word:reconciliation
prev_suf:upcur_suf:edprev_word:groupcurrent_word:tried next_word:to
prev_suf:iscur_suf:edprev_word:iscurrent_word:derived next_word:from
prev_suf:nscur_suf:laprev_word:explainscurrent_word:sheila next_word:macdonald
prev_suf:ascur_suf:chprev_word:wascurrent_word:batterymarch next_word:'s
prev_suf:hecur_suf:typrev_word:thecurrent_word:collectability next_word:of
prev_suf:00cur_suf:32prev_word:100current_word:5\*slash*32 next_word:.
prev_suf:iscur_suf:leprev_word:iscurrent_word:inconceivable next_word:that
prev_suf:'scur_suf:aprev_word:'scurrent_word:a next_word:share
prev_suf:'scur_suf:htprev_word:'scurrent_word:overnight next_word:trading
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ngprev_word:'scurrent_word:bashing next_word:of
prev_suf:``cur_suf:leprev_word:``current_word:negligible next_word:principal
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:telephones next_word:as
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:deterioration next_word:in
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ksprev_word:includingcurrent_word:banks next_word:inched
prev_suf:hecur_suf:tsprev_word:thecurrent_word:remnants next_word:of
prev_suf:tocur_suf:lpprev_word:tocurrent_word:help next_word:determine
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ysprev_word:,current_word:treasurys next_word:retreated
prev_suf:ascur_suf:onprev_word:ascurrent_word:soon next_word:expected
prev_suf:ascur_suf:ldprev_word:wascurrent_word:held next_word:company
prev_suf:nscur_suf:eeprev_word:meanscurrent_word:committee next_word:for
prev_suf:llcur_suf:edprev_word:stillcurrent_word:committed next_word:to
prev_suf:,cur_suf:llprev_word:,current_word:hell next_word:,
prev_suf:orcur_suf:lyprev_word:forcurrent_word:environmentally next_word:harmful
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:carpeted next_word:floors
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:fined next_word:$
prev_suf:vecur_suf:lyprev_word:havecurrent_word:actually next_word:become
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ceprev_word:thecurrent_word:absence next_word:of
prev_suf:alcur_suf:msprev_word:rentalcurrent_word:systems next_word:.
prev_suf:orcur_suf:esprev_word:forcurrent_word:fines next_word:,
prev_suf:aycur_suf:ngprev_word:sundaycurrent_word:evening next_word:wear
prev_suf:cecur_suf:odprev_word:conveniencecurrent_word:food next_word:price
prev_suf:``cur_suf:edprev_word:``current_word:anticipated next_word:''
prev_suf:umcur_suf:leprev_word:maximumcurrent_word:permissible next_word:daily
prev_suf:,cur_suf:anprev_word:,current_word:bryan next_word:o'linn
prev_suf:becur_suf:lyprev_word:becurrent_word:fully next_word:satisfied
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:neprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:intervene next_word:.
prev_suf:idcur_suf:ngprev_word:saidcurrent_word:transplanting next_word:such
prev_suf:tscur_suf:edprev_word:marketscurrent_word:stopped next_word:short
prev_suf:stcur_suf:idprev_word:againstcurrent_word:apartheid next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:vyprev_word:thecurrent_word:heavy next_word:after
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:igprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:dig next_word:holding
prev_suf:sscur_suf:erprev_word:businesscurrent_word:traveler next_word:,
prev_suf:mecur_suf:umprev_word:samecurrent_word:quantum next_word:leaps
prev_suf:utcur_suf:ndprev_word:butcurrent_word:beyond next_word:.
prev_suf:''cur_suf:ntprev_word:''current_word:event next_word:resulting
prev_suf:ercur_suf:lyprev_word:overcurrent_word:emotionally next_word:,
prev_suf:stcur_suf:rtprev_word:specialistcurrent_word:robert next_word:t.
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ceprev_word:eventscurrent_word:since next_word:he
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ryprev_word:raisingcurrent_word:temporary next_word:workers
prev_suf:lycur_suf:typrev_word:costlycurrent_word:safety next_word:of
prev_suf:orcur_suf:7prev_word:orcurrent_word:7 next_word:.
prev_suf:'scur_suf:thprev_word:'scurrent_word:150th next_word:anniversary
prev_suf:ftcur_suf:ueprev_word:thriftcurrent_word:issue next_word:celebrating
prev_suf:vecur_suf:umprev_word:givecurrent_word:lump-sum next_word:incentives
prev_suf:ascur_suf:chprev_word:ascurrent_word:norwich next_word:union
prev_suf:lycur_suf:onprev_word:clearlycurrent_word:upon next_word:completion
prev_suf:eycur_suf:elprev_word:dudleycurrent_word:eppel next_word:,
prev_suf:orcur_suf:bsprev_word:colorcurrent_word:labs next_word:.
prev_suf:ercur_suf:onprev_word:furthercurrent_word:reason next_word:for
prev_suf:acur_suf:seprev_word:acurrent_word:base next_word:and
prev_suf:eycur_suf:utprev_word:theycurrent_word:put next_word:my
prev_suf:edcur_suf:erprev_word:nonchlorinatedcurrent_word:dishwasher next_word:detergents
prev_suf:tocur_suf:chprev_word:tocurrent_word:launch next_word:the
prev_suf:``cur_suf:edprev_word:``current_word:broad-based next_word:improvement
prev_suf:``cur_suf:leprev_word:``current_word:terrible next_word:tuesday
prev_suf:tscur_suf:anprev_word:itscurrent_word:american next_word:version
prev_suf:encur_suf:ngprev_word:beencurrent_word:expecting next_word:$
prev_suf:tecur_suf:psprev_word:estatecurrent_word:partnerships next_word:it
prev_suf:etcur_suf:edprev_word:netcurrent_word:reflected next_word:in
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:dominating next_word:force
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:mist next_word:''
prev_suf:ancur_suf:seprev_word:trojancurrent_word:horse next_word:.
prev_suf:incur_suf:t.prev_word:incurrent_word:st. next_word:louis
prev_suf:atcur_suf:erprev_word:atcurrent_word:kidder next_word:peabody
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ngprev_word:billioncurrent_word:selling next_word:their
prev_suf:ifcur_suf:edprev_word:ifcurrent_word:passed next_word:around
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ndprev_word:workingcurrent_word:behind next_word:a
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:crprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:ncr next_word:shares
prev_suf:atcur_suf:arprev_word:thatcurrent_word:banstar next_word:corp.
prev_suf:acur_suf:ryprev_word:acurrent_word:grocery next_word:store
prev_suf:escur_suf:ewprev_word:expensescurrent_word:grew next_word:almost
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:erprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:morever next_word:,
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:teprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:anticipate next_word:the
prev_suf:etcur_suf:edprev_word:marketcurrent_word:recovered next_word:,
prev_suf:epcur_suf:rdprev_word:stepcurrent_word:toward next_word:eventual
prev_suf:incur_suf:edprev_word:fromsteincurrent_word:ousted next_word:antony
prev_suf:ercur_suf:onprev_word:lasercurrent_word:weapon next_word:has
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:alprev_word:ofcurrent_word:procedural next_word:fairness
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:sentenced next_word:by
prev_suf:hecur_suf:teprev_word:thecurrent_word:charlotte next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:heaviest next_word:losses
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:thecurrent_word:remic-related next_word:purchases
prev_suf:acur_suf:alprev_word:acurrent_word:substantial next_word:sales
prev_suf:'scur_suf:stprev_word:'scurrent_word:bluest next_word:chips
prev_suf:lycur_suf:leprev_word:especiallycurrent_word:vulnerable next_word:still
prev_suf:tscur_suf:gsprev_word:itscurrent_word:ratings next_word:for
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:inprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:lin next_word:closed
prev_suf:;cur_suf:75prev_word:;current_word:7.75 next_word:%
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ewprev_word:thecurrent_word:ibew next_word:represents
prev_suf:hecur_suf:.kprev_word:thecurrent_word:u.k next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ldprev_word:thecurrent_word:left-field next_word:stands
prev_suf:cecur_suf:edprev_word:servicecurrent_word:experienced next_word:problems
prev_suf:incur_suf:ieprev_word:incurrent_word:freddie next_word:mac
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:sponsored next_word:by
prev_suf:ptcur_suf:seprev_word:interceptcurrent_word:'cause next_word:his
prev_suf:eecur_suf:edprev_word:subcommitteecurrent_word:approved next_word:limits
prev_suf:secur_suf:ryprev_word:basecurrent_word:salary next_word:with
prev_suf:,cur_suf:k.prev_word:,current_word:ark. next_word:,
prev_suf:vecur_suf:-1prev_word:decisivecurrent_word:5-1 next_word:,
prev_suf:acur_suf:-0prev_word:acurrent_word:5-0 next_word:decision
prev_suf:odcur_suf:esprev_word:goodcurrent_word:performances next_word:have
prev_suf:itcur_suf:arprev_word:itcurrent_word:clear next_word:that
prev_suf:hecur_suf:typrev_word:thecurrent_word:popularity next_word:of
prev_suf:ulcur_suf:tsprev_word:helpfulcurrent_word:hints next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:latest next_word:acquisition
prev_suf:alcur_suf:ueprev_word:nationalcurrent_word:league next_word:of
prev_suf:odcur_suf:esprev_word:hollywoodcurrent_word:celebrities next_word:pitching
prev_suf:shcur_suf:rsprev_word:cashcurrent_word:registers next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:erprev_word:rollercurrent_word:coaster next_word:,
prev_suf:oncur_suf:onprev_word:uponcurrent_word:completion next_word:of
prev_suf:tocur_suf:98prev_word:tocurrent_word:460.98 next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:rnprev_word:thecurrent_word:northern next_word:states
prev_suf:s.cur_suf:ceprev_word:u.s.current_word:justice next_word:department
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:olprev_word:andcurrent_word:vibration-control next_word:systems
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:zeprev_word:andcurrent_word:destabilize next_word:the
prev_suf:llcur_suf:tsprev_word:allcurrent_word:flights next_word:of
prev_suf:lscur_suf:edprev_word:hospitalscurrent_word:surveyed next_word:by
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:typrev_word:gettingcurrent_word:pretty next_word:wild
prev_suf:lycur_suf:leprev_word:statelycurrent_word:circle next_word:at
prev_suf:ascur_suf:ntprev_word:ascurrent_word:dominant next_word:on
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:leprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:meanwhile next_word:,
prev_suf:excur_suf:ngprev_word:complexcurrent_word:financing next_word:and
prev_suf:'scur_suf:usprev_word:'scurrent_word:famous next_word:fried
prev_suf:socur_suf:lsprev_word:alsocurrent_word:feels next_word:that
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ffprev_word:thecurrent_word:checkoff next_word::
prev_suf:emcur_suf:ngprev_word:themcurrent_word:during next_word:possibly
prev_suf:$cur_suf:82prev_word:$current_word:1.82 next_word:billion
prev_suf:$cur_suf:85prev_word:$current_word:1.85 next_word:a
prev_suf:iccur_suf:rsprev_word:photographiccurrent_word:enlargers next_word:,
prev_suf:escur_suf:erprev_word:jamescurrent_word:alexander next_word:,
prev_suf:'scur_suf:erprev_word:'scurrent_word:catcher next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:underlying next_word:this
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:withdrawal next_word:of
prev_suf:incur_suf:ndprev_word:incurrent_word:switzerland next_word:8.50
prev_suf:'scur_suf:erprev_word:'scurrent_word:ouster next_word:.
prev_suf:mecur_suf:ryprev_word:somecurrent_word:precursory next_word:power
prev_suf:elcur_suf:ngprev_word:personnelcurrent_word:manning next_word:the
prev_suf:escur_suf:edprev_word:pricescurrent_word:plummeted next_word:and
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:itprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:portrait next_word:for
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:teprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:bifurcate next_word:their
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:esprev_word:hungcurrent_word:pictures next_word:entertainment
prev_suf:`cur_suf:owprev_word:`current_word:wow next_word:.
prev_suf:gncur_suf:onprev_word:campaigncurrent_word:won next_word:regulatory
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:tsprev_word:andcurrent_word:assistants next_word:sat
prev_suf:iccur_suf:nsprev_word:paniccurrent_word:conditions next_word:for
prev_suf:tocur_suf:shprev_word:tocurrent_word:distinguish next_word:its
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:thprev_word:ofcurrent_word:both next_word:u.k.
prev_suf:edcur_suf:rkprev_word:troubledcurrent_word:southmark next_word:corp.
prev_suf:omcur_suf:ngprev_word:fromcurrent_word:cashing next_word:in
prev_suf:stcur_suf:veprev_word:mostcurrent_word:sensitive next_word:to
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:liked next_word:it
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:edprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:headed next_word:up
prev_suf:,cur_suf:erprev_word:,current_word:whatever next_word:it
prev_suf:edcur_suf:eoprev_word:plutonium-poweredcurrent_word:galileo next_word:space
prev_suf:tycur_suf:lsprev_word:specialtycurrent_word:steels next_word:and
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:hecurrent_word:described next_word:the
prev_suf:vecur_suf:edprev_word:havecurrent_word:collected next_word:the
prev_suf:atcur_suf:enprev_word:thatcurrent_word:threaten next_word:to
prev_suf:uscur_suf:ryprev_word:pluscurrent_word:territory next_word:,
prev_suf:atcur_suf:ueprev_word:thatcurrent_word:dialogue next_word:is
prev_suf:recur_suf:lyprev_word:werecurrent_word:partly next_word:on
prev_suf:tocur_suf:upprev_word:tocurrent_word:regroup next_word:yesterday
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:ptprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:exempt next_word:longer
prev_suf:recur_suf:seprev_word:somewherecurrent_word:else next_word:the
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:veprev_word:andcurrent_word:disruptive next_word:''
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ngprev_word:highercurrent_word:bidding next_word:companies
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ceprev_word:highercurrent_word:corporate-finance next_word:and
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ctprev_word:thecurrent_word:pact next_word:to
prev_suf:hecur_suf:omprev_word:thecurrent_word:loom next_word:inc.
prev_suf:ulcur_suf:okprev_word:carefulcurrent_word:look next_word:like
prev_suf:ascur_suf:amprev_word:andreascurrent_word:insam next_word:,
prev_suf:orcur_suf:orprev_word:forcurrent_word:governor next_word:.
prev_suf:atcur_suf:ceprev_word:atcurrent_word:pace next_word:membership
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:leprev_word:andcurrent_word:while next_word:profitable
prev_suf:$cur_suf:30prev_word:$current_word:3.30 next_word:a
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ftprev_word:cancurrent_word:shift next_word:out
prev_suf:,cur_suf:erprev_word:,current_word:endanger next_word:the
prev_suf:incur_suf:llprev_word:kevincurrent_word:mitchell next_word:fromstein
prev_suf:acur_suf:deprev_word:acurrent_word:guide next_word:a
prev_suf:tocur_suf:38prev_word:tocurrent_word:3.38 next_word:%
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:piprev_word:andcurrent_word:jpi next_word:modern
prev_suf:cecur_suf:lyprev_word:sacrificecurrent_word:costly next_word:safety
prev_suf:hecur_suf:rsprev_word:thecurrent_word:voters next_word:.
prev_suf:recur_suf:dyprev_word:werecurrent_word:ready next_word:to
prev_suf:(cur_suf:ieprev_word:(current_word:fannie next_word:mae
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:perkinelmer next_word:unit
prev_suf:lmcur_suf:reprev_word:filmcurrent_word:anymore next_word:.
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:ngprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:belong next_word:here
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:accomplished next_word:by
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ndprev_word:thecurrent_word:grand next_word:metropolitan
prev_suf:ffcur_suf:.5prev_word:offcurrent_word:70.5 next_word:,
prev_suf:eycur_suf:edprev_word:theycurrent_word:used next_word:aboard
prev_suf:hecur_suf:rsprev_word:thecurrent_word:lawyers next_word:committee
prev_suf:alcur_suf:usprev_word:annualcurrent_word:bonus next_word:based
prev_suf:chcur_suf:esprev_word:whichcurrent_word:uses next_word:the
prev_suf:incur_suf:lsprev_word:incurrent_word:brussels next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.2prev_word:$current_word:15.2 next_word:million
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ndprev_word:tocurrent_word:poland next_word:'s
prev_suf:secur_suf:esprev_word:thesecurrent_word:increases next_word:without
prev_suf:``cur_suf:lyprev_word:``current_word:obviously next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:alprev_word:,current_word:approval next_word:but
prev_suf:``cur_suf:lyprev_word:``current_word:grossly next_word:inadequate
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:weakest next_word:sector
prev_suf:edcur_suf:upprev_word:failedcurrent_word:coup next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:rsprev_word:thecurrent_word:bondholders next_word:will
prev_suf:cecur_suf:tsprev_word:peacecurrent_word:settlements next_word:and
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:rsprev_word:fewcurrent_word:quarters next_word:.
prev_suf:escur_suf:ntprev_word:employeescurrent_word:retirement next_word:centers
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:$prev_word:raisingcurrent_word:$ next_word:3.9
prev_suf:alcur_suf:erprev_word:nationalcurrent_word:over-the-counter next_word:trading
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:orprev_word:ofcurrent_word:calor next_word:.
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:etprev_word:190-pointcurrent_word:stock-market next_word:turbulence
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:edprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:questioned next_word:whether
prev_suf:``cur_suf:esprev_word:``current_word:guarantees next_word:more
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:remaining next_word:generally
prev_suf:decur_suf:anprev_word:includecurrent_word:chairman next_word:last
prev_suf:lecur_suf:..prev_word:cyclecurrent_word:... next_word:.
prev_suf:iccur_suf:chprev_word:dramaticcurrent_word:march next_word:1988
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:price-depressing next_word:factor
prev_suf:atcur_suf:meprev_word:thatcurrent_word:game next_word:too
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ngprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:excluding next_word:the
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:alprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:signal next_word:recessions
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:reprev_word:andcurrent_word:day-care next_word:benefits
prev_suf:encur_suf:arprev_word:whencurrent_word:popular next_word:photography
prev_suf:hecur_suf:deprev_word:thecurrent_word:parade next_word:,
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:edprev_word:ofcurrent_word:well-connected next_word:developers
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:creation next_word:of
prev_suf:adcur_suf:meprev_word:hadcurrent_word:some next_word:of
prev_suf:iscur_suf:psprev_word:hiscurrent_word:lips next_word:.
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:icprev_word:ofcurrent_word:economic next_word:changes
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:dyprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:trendy next_word:magazine
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.1prev_word:$current_word:93.1 next_word:million
prev_suf:hecur_suf:laprev_word:thecurrent_word:kuala next_word:lumpur
prev_suf:``cur_suf:dyprev_word:``current_word:everybody next_word:was
prev_suf:vecur_suf:unprev_word:havecurrent_word:run next_word:a
prev_suf:orcur_suf:meprev_word:forcurrent_word:first-time next_word:buyers
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ngprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:processing next_word:costs
prev_suf:acur_suf:epprev_word:acurrent_word:step next_word:toward
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:tsprev_word:trendcurrent_word:lasts next_word:,
prev_suf:atcur_suf:rsprev_word:atcurrent_word:teen-agers next_word:who
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:adprev_word:andcurrent_word:abroad next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:77prev_word:andcurrent_word:77 next_word:%
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:good-humored next_word:new
prev_suf:$cur_suf:76prev_word:$current_word:76 next_word:million
prev_suf:atcur_suf:dsprev_word:atcurrent_word:ids next_word:financial
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ckprev_word:tocurrent_word:block next_word:the
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:'recurrent_word:seeing next_word:now
prev_suf:llcur_suf:inprev_word:wellcurrent_word:within next_word:about
prev_suf:okcur_suf:seprev_word:anti-pocketbookcurrent_word:nonsense next_word:can
prev_suf:ancur_suf:anprev_word:iancurrent_word:brightman next_word:,
prev_suf:omcur_suf:.1prev_word:fromcurrent_word:82.1 next_word:million
prev_suf:oncur_suf:lsprev_word:millioncurrent_word:rolls next_word:.
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:behaving next_word:,
prev_suf:etcur_suf:csprev_word:marketcurrent_word:statistics next_word:on
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:thecurrent_word:besieged next_word:managers
prev_suf:orcur_suf:onprev_word:priorcurrent_word:consultation next_word:on
prev_suf:(cur_suf:79prev_word:(current_word:79 next_word:cents
prev_suf:alcur_suf:geprev_word:nationalcurrent_word:heritage next_word:stock
prev_suf:hecur_suf:reprev_word:thecurrent_word:manufacture next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:thecurrent_word:collapsed next_word:.
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:typrev_word:ofcurrent_word:specialty next_word:chemicals
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:ceremonies next_word:began
prev_suf:recur_suf:lyprev_word:werecurrent_word:cautiously next_word:optimistic
prev_suf:edcur_suf:arprev_word:createdcurrent_word:similar next_word:''
prev_suf:rmcur_suf:edprev_word:firmcurrent_word:ordered next_word:full
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ecprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:interspec next_word:fell
prev_suf:uscur_suf:lsprev_word:preciouscurrent_word:metals next_word:markets
prev_suf:iccur_suf:eyprev_word:pediatriccurrent_word:kidney next_word:diseases
prev_suf:acur_suf:onprev_word:acurrent_word:cotton next_word:specialist
prev_suf:edcur_suf:tsprev_word:increasedcurrent_word:amounts next_word:.
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:werecurrent_word:dashed next_word:any
prev_suf:ascur_suf:enprev_word:ascurrent_word:spokesmen next_word:in
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:alprev_word:andcurrent_word:electrical next_word:workers
prev_suf:ircur_suf:rtprev_word:aircurrent_word:transport next_word:it
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ntprev_word:transportationcurrent_word:department next_word:of
prev_suf:$cur_suf:75prev_word:$current_word:1.375 next_word:a
prev_suf:tocur_suf:awprev_word:tocurrent_word:draw next_word:the
prev_suf:rscur_suf:lyprev_word:investorscurrent_word:reportedly next_word:sought
prev_suf:ercur_suf:asprev_word:undercurrent_word:kansas next_word:city
prev_suf:owcur_suf:tsprev_word:allowcurrent_word:visits next_word:between
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:lunging next_word:bat
prev_suf:idcur_suf:amprev_word:saidcurrent_word:william next_word:farley
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:agprev_word:continuingcurrent_word:drag next_word:on
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:hecurrent_word:smiled next_word:broadly
prev_suf:rycur_suf:reprev_word:76-storycurrent_word:structure next_word:will
prev_suf:edcur_suf:lyprev_word:behavedcurrent_word:independently next_word:,
prev_suf:(cur_suf:eprev_word:(current_word:e next_word:)
prev_suf:tecur_suf:tsprev_word:distributecurrent_word:pamphlets next_word:recommending
prev_suf:socur_suf:esprev_word:alsocurrent_word:requires next_word:``
prev_suf:vecur_suf:edprev_word:approvecurrent_word:leveraged next_word:buy-outs
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:esprev_word:andcurrent_word:ribbies next_word:.
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:teprev_word:ofcurrent_word:fixed-rate next_word:mortgage-backed
prev_suf:edcur_suf:t.prev_word:datedcurrent_word:oct. next_word:3
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:geprev_word:andcurrent_word:ge next_word:see
prev_suf:etcur_suf:goprev_word:marketcurrent_word:go next_word:into
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.4prev_word:$current_word:169.4 next_word:million
prev_suf:acur_suf:lyprev_word:acurrent_word:friendly next_word:transaction
prev_suf:``cur_suf:tsprev_word:``current_word:floodlights next_word::
prev_suf:ircur_suf:osprev_word:theircurrent_word:portfolios next_word:.
prev_suf:iccur_suf:veprev_word:paniccurrent_word:wave next_word:had
prev_suf:,cur_suf:h.prev_word:,current_word:wash. next_word:,
prev_suf:awcur_suf:arprev_word:mccawcurrent_word:cellular next_word:and
prev_suf:ivcur_suf:g.prev_word:sanjivcurrent_word:g. next_word:sim
prev_suf:alcur_suf:nsprev_word:capitalcurrent_word:positions next_word:at
prev_suf:acur_suf:onprev_word:acurrent_word:button next_word:to
prev_suf:idcur_suf:elprev_word:saidcurrent_word:michael next_word:moore
prev_suf:$cur_suf:28prev_word:$current_word:2.28 next_word:billion
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:avprev_word:kingcurrent_word:olav next_word:v
prev_suf:$cur_suf:22prev_word:$current_word:2.22 next_word:a
prev_suf:ercur_suf:erprev_word:petercurrent_word:guber next_word:and
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:rsprev_word:andcurrent_word:arbitragers next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:nkprev_word:hessischecurrent_word:landesbank next_word:.
prev_suf:acur_suf:mpprev_word:acurrent_word:jump next_word:at
prev_suf:,cur_suf:neprev_word:,current_word:two-tone next_word:ads
prev_suf:ipcur_suf:.pprev_word:agipcurrent_word:s.p next_word:.
prev_suf:ancur_suf:elprev_word:germancurrent_word:cartel next_word:office
prev_suf:s.cur_suf:edprev_word:u.s.current_word:brokered next_word:a
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:poles next_word:,
prev_suf:utcur_suf:;prev_word:outcurrent_word:; next_word:the
prev_suf:nacur_suf:onprev_word:daynacurrent_word:brunsdon next_word:,
prev_suf:oncur_suf:alprev_word:televisioncurrent_word:commercial next_word:local
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ngprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:following next_word:the
prev_suf:tocur_suf:llprev_word:tocurrent_word:quell next_word:free
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:focused next_word:on
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ekprev_word:thecurrent_word:13-week next_word:bills
prev_suf:ascur_suf:ngprev_word:wascurrent_word:withdrawing next_word:his
prev_suf:tocur_suf:10prev_word:tocurrent_word:139.10 next_word:yen
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:tsprev_word:testingcurrent_word:products next_word:and
prev_suf:wncur_suf:47prev_word:downcurrent_word:647 next_word:.
prev_suf:ascur_suf:ngprev_word:wascurrent_word:examining next_word:the
prev_suf:tscur_suf:eeprev_word:analystscurrent_word:foresee next_word:uninterrupted
prev_suf:llcur_suf:rkprev_word:willcurrent_word:clark next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:inprev_word:tocurrent_word:win next_word:health-conscious
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:geprev_word:andcurrent_word:manage next_word:regatta
prev_suf:tacur_suf:raprev_word:santacurrent_word:clara next_word:,
prev_suf:ircur_suf:utprev_word:theircurrent_word:clout next_word:to
prev_suf:decur_suf:esprev_word:tradecurrent_word:surpluses next_word:,
prev_suf:itcur_suf:nsprev_word:itcurrent_word:remains next_word:uneasy
prev_suf:orcur_suf:reprev_word:orcurrent_word:child-care next_word:help
prev_suf:orcur_suf:edprev_word:orcurrent_word:subsidized next_word:production
prev_suf:oncur_suf:leprev_word:acquisitioncurrent_word:vehicle next_word:,
prev_suf:aycur_suf:tsprev_word:fridaycurrent_word:reflects next_word:``
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:aoprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:isao next_word:ushikubo
prev_suf:atcur_suf:edprev_word:thatcurrent_word:started next_word:the
prev_suf:,cur_suf:esprev_word:,current_word:becomes next_word:chairman
prev_suf:arcur_suf:nnprev_word:kosarcurrent_word:rittlemann next_word:associates
prev_suf:'scur_suf:rkprev_word:'scurrent_word:benchmark next_word:crude
prev_suf:#cur_suf:.5prev_word:#current_word:43.5 next_word:million
prev_suf:omcur_suf:erprev_word:darkroomcurrent_word:starter next_word:kit
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:nsprev_word:andcurrent_word:sanctions next_word:.
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:onprev_word:newcurrent_word:recession next_word:any
prev_suf:etcur_suf:edprev_word:yetcurrent_word:crossed next_word:into
prev_suf:llcur_suf:etprev_word:willcurrent_word:meet next_word:the
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:esprev_word:ofcurrent_word:averages next_word:,
prev_suf:aycur_suf:ewprev_word:yesterdaycurrent_word:withdrew next_word:his
prev_suf:vecur_suf:olprev_word:givecurrent_word:control next_word:in
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ksprev_word:andcurrent_word:links next_word:with
prev_suf:tacur_suf:edprev_word:jakartacurrent_word:escaped next_word:with
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:werecurrent_word:pulling next_word:the
prev_suf:dscur_suf:htprev_word:fundscurrent_word:sought next_word:honecker
prev_suf:hecur_suf:itprev_word:hecurrent_word:hit next_word:bottom
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ntprev_word:ancurrent_word:arrangement next_word:with
prev_suf:llcur_suf:esprev_word:allcurrent_word:ordinaries next_word:index
prev_suf:utcur_suf:reprev_word:takeoutcurrent_word:fare next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:rmprev_word:baltimorecurrent_word:farm next_word:products
prev_suf:eecur_suf:edprev_word:committeecurrent_word:introduced next_word:earlier
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:meprev_word:tradingcurrent_word:fixed-income next_word:investors
prev_suf:oncur_suf:nsprev_word:oncurrent_word:quotations next_word:at
prev_suf:$cur_suf:50prev_word:$current_word:31.50 next_word:a
prev_suf:tocur_suf:edprev_word:tocurrent_word:less-developed next_word:countries
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ngprev_word:billioncurrent_word:including next_word:$
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ceprev_word:thecurrent_word:box-office next_word:smash
prev_suf:rycur_suf:rsprev_word:militarycurrent_word:helicopters next_word:to
prev_suf:llcur_suf:fyprev_word:willcurrent_word:intensify next_word:fears
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ryprev_word:thecurrent_word:76-story next_word:structure
prev_suf:akcur_suf:okprev_word:oakcurrent_word:brook next_word:,
prev_suf:s.cur_suf:toprev_word:u.s.current_word:auto next_word:makers
prev_suf:hecur_suf:olprev_word:thecurrent_word:castrol next_word:brand
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ksprev_word:,current_word:socks next_word:under
prev_suf:edcur_suf:dsprev_word:changedcurrent_word:hands next_word:on
prev_suf:eocur_suf:rdprev_word:videocurrent_word:storyboard next_word:tests
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ngprev_word:warrantscurrent_word:entitling next_word:it
prev_suf:ancur_suf:erprev_word:ancurrent_word:ex-hurler next_word:who
prev_suf:tecur_suf:rsprev_word:promotecurrent_word:fundraisers next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:typrev_word:andcurrent_word:university next_word:'s
prev_suf:hecur_suf:wnprev_word:thecurrent_word:write-down next_word:would
prev_suf:ptcur_suf:deprev_word:abruptcurrent_word:slide next_word:,
prev_suf:atcur_suf:deprev_word:thatcurrent_word:magnitude next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:anprev_word:thecurrent_word:namibian next_word:newspapers
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:erprev_word:andcurrent_word:baxter next_word:international
prev_suf:tecur_suf:ceprev_word:corporatecurrent_word:bond-price next_word:index
prev_suf:acur_suf:nkprev_word:acurrent_word:chunk next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:00prev_word:$current_word:700 next_word:million
prev_suf:tocur_suf:teprev_word:tocurrent_word:constitute next_word:one
prev_suf:hecur_suf:reprev_word:thecurrent_word:measure next_word:was
prev_suf:itcur_suf:nsprev_word:profitcurrent_word:margins next_word:.
prev_suf:'scur_suf:alprev_word:'scurrent_word:special next_word:provisions
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ngprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:offsetting next_word:the
prev_suf:rscur_suf:ntprev_word:guber-peterscurrent_word:entertainment next_word:systems
prev_suf:encur_suf:ssprev_word:beencurrent_word:remiss next_word:in
prev_suf:nocur_suf:stprev_word:nocurrent_word:activist next_word:legislative
prev_suf:(cur_suf:orprev_word:(current_word:libor next_word:)
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:seprev_word:andcurrent_word:cause next_word:for
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:esprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:delegates next_word:from
prev_suf:,cur_suf:l.prev_word:,current_word:ill. next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.8prev_word:$current_word:232.8 next_word:million
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:esprev_word:andcurrent_word:conservatives next_word:in
prev_suf:tscur_suf:00prev_word:representscurrent_word:20,000 next_word:workers
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:ntprev_word:presidentcurrent_word:vincent next_word:sombrotto
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:hascurrent_word:resumed next_word:political
prev_suf:acur_suf:leprev_word:acurrent_word:hostile next_word:suitor
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ngprev_word:tocurrent_word:determining next_word:the
prev_suf:c.cur_suf:ohprev_word:c.current_word:itoh next_word:energy
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:hascurrent_word:diminished next_word:the
prev_suf:cecur_suf:ipprev_word:pacecurrent_word:membership next_word:warehouse
prev_suf:eecur_suf:esprev_word:threecurrent_word:times next_word:for
prev_suf:incur_suf:deprev_word:incurrent_word:stride next_word:,
prev_suf:yscur_suf:inprev_word:sayscurrent_word:austin next_word:george
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:veprev_word:ofcurrent_word:prospective next_word:targets
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ulprev_word:traditionallycurrent_word:powerful next_word:tobacco
prev_suf:acur_suf:teprev_word:acurrent_word:date next_word:.
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:-3prev_word:goingcurrent_word:3-for-3 next_word:at
prev_suf:,cur_suf:s.prev_word:,current_word:wis. next_word:,
prev_suf:itcur_suf:typrev_word:creditcurrent_word:quality next_word:of
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ntprev_word:dataproductscurrent_word:management next_word:of
prev_suf:cycur_suf:esprev_word:currencycurrent_word:paves next_word:the
prev_suf:gecur_suf:edprev_word:exchangecurrent_word:adopted next_word:two
prev_suf:stcur_suf:raprev_word:southeastcurrent_word:sumatra next_word:ltd.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.9prev_word:$current_word:99.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:stcur_suf:esprev_word:sharpestcurrent_word:declines next_word:.
prev_suf:'scur_suf:alprev_word:'scurrent_word:final next_word:bill
prev_suf:acur_suf:-0prev_word:acurrent_word:2-0 next_word:series
prev_suf:omcur_suf:-1prev_word:fromcurrent_word:2-1 next_word:to
prev_suf:tscur_suf:edprev_word:projectscurrent_word:earmarked next_word:by
prev_suf:bycur_suf:lyprev_word:bycurrent_word:exactly next_word:how
prev_suf:incur_suf:esprev_word:incurrent_word:formalities next_word:for
prev_suf:ancur_suf:lsprev_word:bancurrent_word:chemicals next_word:marketing
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:reunification next_word:of
prev_suf:,cur_suf:87prev_word:,current_word:l987 next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:idprev_word:tocurrent_word:bid next_word:surfaces
prev_suf:iacur_suf:reprev_word:mediacurrent_word:culture next_word:that
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:submitted next_word:for
prev_suf:)cur_suf:eeprev_word:)current_word:bee next_word:and
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:providing next_word:a
prev_suf:edcur_suf:edprev_word:closedcurrent_word:unchanged next_word:at
prev_suf:49cur_suf:.mprev_word:12:49current_word:p.m next_word:.
prev_suf:tocur_suf:seprev_word:tocurrent_word:close next_word:to
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:investorscurrent_word:need next_word:to
prev_suf:,cur_suf:esprev_word:,current_word:cranes next_word:,
prev_suf:ascur_suf:leprev_word:wascurrent_word:able next_word:to
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ceprev_word:forcurrent_word:instance next_word:,
prev_suf:bycur_suf:ngprev_word:bycurrent_word:issuing next_word:four
prev_suf:uecur_suf:edprev_word:revenuecurrent_word:declined next_word:.
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:meprev_word:andcurrent_word:middle-income next_word:people
prev_suf:chcur_suf:esprev_word:whichcurrent_word:expires next_word:nov.
prev_suf:'scur_suf:nsprev_word:'scurrent_word:intentions next_word:.
prev_suf:acur_suf:ceprev_word:acurrent_word:vengeance next_word:.
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:increasinglycurrent_word:connected next_word:securities
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:hecurrent_word:lectured next_word:.
prev_suf:atcur_suf:edprev_word:thatcurrent_word:expired next_word:aug.
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:ntprev_word:saintcurrent_word:laurent next_word:and
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:toprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:nobuto next_word:yasuda
prev_suf:hecur_suf:gsprev_word:thecurrent_word:proceedings next_word:,
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:onprev_word:apartmentcurrent_word:construction next_word:have
prev_suf:eycur_suf:irprev_word:stanleycurrent_word:affair next_word:does
prev_suf:rdcur_suf:erprev_word:cliffordcurrent_word:parker next_word:said
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ayprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:anyway next_word:,
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ngprev_word:forcurrent_word:halting next_word:trading
prev_suf:oncur_suf:rsprev_word:acquisitioncurrent_word:partners next_word:agreed
prev_suf:atcur_suf:25prev_word:atcurrent_word:10.625 next_word:canadian
prev_suf:``cur_suf:edprev_word:``current_word:based next_word:on
prev_suf:nscur_suf:edprev_word:remainscurrent_word:unfinished next_word:.
prev_suf:ancur_suf:edprev_word:morgancurrent_word:earned next_word:$
prev_suf:oncur_suf:glprev_word:enroncurrent_word:ngl next_word:partners
prev_suf:kicur_suf:(prev_word:rostenkowskicurrent_word:( next_word:$
prev_suf:lycur_suf:erprev_word:likelycurrent_word:winner next_word:will
prev_suf:docur_suf:edprev_word:nintendocurrent_word:credited next_word:with
prev_suf:encur_suf:esprev_word:stolencurrent_word:bases next_word:in
prev_suf:hecur_suf:eeprev_word:thecurrent_word:employee next_word:relocation
prev_suf:tocur_suf:veprev_word:tocurrent_word:achieve next_word:that
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:anprev_word:andcurrent_word:michigan next_word:and
prev_suf:hecur_suf:llprev_word:thecurrent_word:overall next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:20prev_word:$current_word:120 next_word:days
prev_suf:omcur_suf:-3prev_word:fromcurrent_word:b-3 next_word:from
prev_suf:incur_suf:onprev_word:incurrent_word:littleton next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:24prev_word:tocurrent_word:124 next_word:on
prev_suf:``cur_suf:teprev_word:``current_word:legitimate next_word:right
prev_suf:hecur_suf:utprev_word:thecurrent_word:fallout next_word:might
prev_suf:itcur_suf:lyprev_word:itcurrent_word:probably next_word:have
prev_suf:uscur_suf:erprev_word:seriouscurrent_word:buyer next_word:for
prev_suf:10cur_suf:rsprev_word:10current_word:years next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:esprev_word:andcurrent_word:procedures next_word:.
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ayprev_word:oncurrent_word:gray next_word:owes
prev_suf:oncur_suf:onprev_word:fultoncurrent_word:prebon next_word:(
prev_suf:idcur_suf:hvprev_word:saidcurrent_word:shv next_word:also
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:seprev_word:ofcurrent_word:course next_word:of
prev_suf:encur_suf:nsprev_word:whencurrent_word:expansions next_word:and
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:pcprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:dpc next_word:'s
prev_suf:,cur_suf:heprev_word:,current_word:she next_word:added
prev_suf:escur_suf:inprev_word:doescurrent_word:contain next_word:chlorine
prev_suf:llcur_suf:esprev_word:rollcurrent_word:tunes next_word:.
prev_suf:edcur_suf:edprev_word:needcurrent_word:uniformed next_word:police
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:ngprev_word:newcurrent_word:home-building next_word:permits
prev_suf:tocur_suf:esprev_word:sombrottocurrent_word:accuses next_word:philadelphia
prev_suf:-0cur_suf:chprev_word:2-0current_word:pitch next_word:,
prev_suf:oncur_suf:esprev_word:divisioncurrent_word:operates next_word:under
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:computer next_word:bought
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:powder next_word:version
prev_suf:wecur_suf:ndprev_word:wecurrent_word:tend next_word:to
prev_suf:dycur_suf:enprev_word:alreadycurrent_word:written next_word:off
prev_suf:atcur_suf:ngprev_word:atcurrent_word:prevailing next_word:market
prev_suf:--cur_suf:leprev_word:--current_word:comparable next_word:;
prev_suf:hecur_suf:leprev_word:thecurrent_word:sole next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:reprev_word:tocurrent_word:interfere next_word:in
prev_suf:encur_suf:edprev_word:beencurrent_word:spared next_word:during
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:nsprev_word:andcurrent_word:recessions next_word:and
prev_suf:alcur_suf:eyprev_word:realcurrent_word:key next_word:u.s.
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ceprev_word:uniformedcurrent_word:police next_word:did
prev_suf:hecur_suf:usprev_word:thecurrent_word:precious next_word:metals
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:onprev_word:andcurrent_word:distribution next_word:company
prev_suf:ancur_suf:edprev_word:ancurrent_word:undetermined next_word:gain
prev_suf:eecur_suf:tsprev_word:threecurrent_word:hits next_word:including
prev_suf:$cur_suf:43prev_word:$current_word:2.43 next_word:million
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:tsprev_word:spendingcurrent_word:limits next_word:on
prev_suf:stcur_suf:erprev_word:firstcurrent_word:career next_word:home
prev_suf:iscur_suf:edprev_word:iscurrent_word:attached next_word:to
prev_suf:hecur_suf:dsprev_word:thecurrent_word:minds next_word:of
prev_suf:5cur_suf:m.prev_word:5current_word:a.m. next_word:,
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:widelycurrent_word:publicized next_word:boardroom
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:eyprev_word:newcurrent_word:jersey next_word:commercial
prev_suf:xtcur_suf:ayprev_word:nextcurrent_word:tuesday next_word:following
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:igprev_word:ofcurrent_word:leipzig next_word:to
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:erased next_word:about
prev_suf:owcur_suf:lsprev_word:dowcurrent_word:industrials next_word:were
prev_suf:incur_suf:onprev_word:incurrent_word:addition next_word:to
prev_suf:22cur_suf:ntprev_word:0.22current_word:cent next_word:a
prev_suf:edcur_suf:lsprev_word:rattledcurrent_word:liberals next_word:are
prev_suf:escur_suf:atprev_word:bossescurrent_word:treat next_word:them
prev_suf::cur_suf:ndprev_word::current_word:60-second next_word:radio
prev_suf:ascur_suf:ngprev_word:ascurrent_word:non-accruing next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:okprev_word:,current_word:anti-pocketbook next_word:nonsense
prev_suf:aqcur_suf:tcprev_word:nasdaqcurrent_word:otc next_word:market
prev_suf:ancur_suf:asprev_word:namibiancurrent_word:guerrillas next_word:,
prev_suf:etcur_suf:edprev_word:marketcurrent_word:sensed next_word:a
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ksprev_word:andcurrent_word:kicks next_word:off
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:ngprev_word:permanentcurrent_word:smoking next_word:ban
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:eyprev_word:ofcurrent_word:ex-attorney next_word:general
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.9prev_word:$current_word:58.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:escur_suf:nsprev_word:jonescurrent_word:owns next_word:a
prev_suf:rycur_suf:llprev_word:trycurrent_word:soft-sell next_word:spots
prev_suf:ercur_suf:teprev_word:furthercurrent_word:insulate next_word:them
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:swinging next_word:back
prev_suf:secur_suf:.aprev_word:suissecurrent_word:s.a next_word:.
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:lsprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:municipals next_word:
prev_suf:tocur_suf:reprev_word:tocurrent_word:capture next_word:the
prev_suf:tocur_suf:.8prev_word:tocurrent_word:141.8 next_word:,
prev_suf:rmcur_suf:anprev_word:firmcurrent_word:began next_word:to
prev_suf:acur_suf:geprev_word:acurrent_word:strange next_word:feeling
prev_suf:iccur_suf:stprev_word:pacificcurrent_word:northwest next_word:industries
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:typrev_word:acquiringcurrent_word:party next_word:warned
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ryprev_word:'scurrent_word:reactionary next_word::
prev_suf:m.cur_suf:anprev_word:m.current_word:huntsman next_word:group
prev_suf:vecur_suf:ctprev_word:negativecurrent_word:effect next_word:of
prev_suf:etcur_suf:edprev_word:marketcurrent_word:sagged next_word:.
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:eeprev_word:sellingcurrent_word:spree next_word:,
prev_suf:thcur_suf:meprev_word:withcurrent_word:stay-at-home next_word:diners
prev_suf:lycur_suf:onprev_word:friendlycurrent_word:transaction next_word:will
prev_suf:ascur_suf:iprev_word:ascurrent_word:i next_word:do
prev_suf:,cur_suf:llprev_word:,current_word:well next_word:.
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:anprev_word:ofcurrent_word:draconian next_word:,
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:leprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:home-sale next_word:losses
prev_suf:lfcur_suf:lyprev_word:itselfcurrent_word:increasingly next_word:connected
prev_suf:,cur_suf:akprev_word:,current_word:oak next_word:brook
prev_suf:becur_suf:teprev_word:becurrent_word:accurate next_word:.
prev_suf:lycur_suf:seprev_word:dailycurrent_word:dose next_word:of
prev_suf:omcur_suf:esprev_word:fromcurrent_word:sources next_word:said
prev_suf:acur_suf:teprev_word:acurrent_word:house-senate next_word:conferees
prev_suf:phcur_suf:enprev_word:ralphcurrent_word:lauren next_word:for
prev_suf::cur_suf:deprev_word::current_word:high-grade next_word:unsecured
prev_suf:atcur_suf:edprev_word:thatcurrent_word:ushered next_word:in
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:leprev_word:ofcurrent_word:large-scale next_word:buying
prev_suf:incur_suf:tsprev_word:incurrent_word:deposits next_word:have
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:msprev_word:andcurrent_word:emblems next_word:of
prev_suf:alcur_suf:tsprev_word:internationalcurrent_word:developments next_word:.
prev_suf:necur_suf:ntprev_word:onecurrent_word:warrant next_word:allows
prev_suf:acur_suf:veprev_word:acurrent_word:definitive next_word:merger
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:breakerscurrent_word:devised next_word:by
prev_suf:$cur_suf:65prev_word:$current_word:265 next_word:million
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ceprev_word:ofcurrent_word:turbulence next_word:that
prev_suf:$cur_suf:68prev_word:$current_word:268 next_word:million
prev_suf:recur_suf:ntprev_word:werecurrent_word:prominent next_word:in
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ssprev_word:ever-narrowingcurrent_word:loss next_word:a
prev_suf:edcur_suf:lnprev_word:angeles-basedcurrent_word:lincoln next_word:savings
prev_suf:ifcur_suf:ryprev_word:ifcurrent_word:necessary next_word:,
prev_suf:eycur_suf:stprev_word:theycurrent_word:lost next_word:money
prev_suf:hecur_suf:asprev_word:thecurrent_word:contras next_word:to
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.3prev_word:$current_word:88.3 next_word:million
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ngprev_word:begancurrent_word:taping next_word:commercials
prev_suf:stcur_suf:tsprev_word:interestcurrent_word:payments next_word:on
prev_suf:ercur_suf:inprev_word:buildercurrent_word:martin next_word:selig
prev_suf:tocur_suf:stprev_word:tocurrent_word:divest next_word:itself
prev_suf:76cur_suf:geprev_word:1,376current_word:page next_word:,
prev_suf:vycur_suf:ogprev_word:heavycurrent_word:backlog next_word:of
prev_suf:excur_suf:geprev_word:stock-indexcurrent_word:arbitrage next_word:,
prev_suf:atcur_suf:icprev_word:atcurrent_word:near-panic next_word:fever
prev_suf:acur_suf:atprev_word:acurrent_word:repeat next_word:itself
prev_suf:encur_suf:meprev_word:sevencurrent_word:home next_word:through
prev_suf:,cur_suf:erprev_word:,current_word:peter next_word:cardillo
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ryprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:leery next_word:of
prev_suf:acur_suf:reprev_word:acurrent_word:7,500-share next_word:``
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:adprev_word:oldcurrent_word:broad next_word:rally
prev_suf:hecur_suf:reprev_word:thecurrent_word:delaware next_word:courts
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:sponsoring next_word:scores
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:ascurrent_word:demonstrated next_word:by
prev_suf:lecur_suf:ngprev_word:whilecurrent_word:reaching next_word:that
prev_suf:etcur_suf:alprev_word:streetcurrent_word:journal next_word:,
prev_suf:orcur_suf:onprev_word:majorcurrent_word:expansion next_word:of
prev_suf:alcur_suf:ssprev_word:generalcurrent_word:narrowness next_word:of
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:prohibited next_word:from
prev_suf:lycur_suf:etprev_word:partlycurrent_word:offset next_word:continuing
prev_suf:thcur_suf:omprev_word:bothcurrent_word:freedom next_word:of
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:werecurrent_word:recognized next_word:for
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.6prev_word:$current_word:23.6 next_word:million
prev_suf:,cur_suf:opprev_word:,current_word:desktop next_word:computer
prev_suf:$cur_suf:27prev_word:$current_word:13.27 next_word:)
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:lyprev_word:agreementcurrent_word:previously next_word:turned
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:onprev_word:andcurrent_word:washington next_word:post
prev_suf:alcur_suf:ndprev_word:medicalcurrent_word:ultrasound next_word:diagnostic
prev_suf:eycur_suf:h.prev_word:geoffreycurrent_word:h. next_word:gutfreund
prev_suf:itcur_suf:dsprev_word:itcurrent_word:treads next_word:in
prev_suf:,cur_suf:tsprev_word:,current_word:artists next_word:and
prev_suf:hecur_suf:typrev_word:thecurrent_word:utility next_word:company
prev_suf:hecur_suf:piprev_word:thecurrent_word:mississippi next_word:delta
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:tsprev_word:home-buildingcurrent_word:permits next_word:.
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:accused next_word:the
prev_suf:vecur_suf:alprev_word:receivecurrent_word:additional next_word:shares
prev_suf:acur_suf:arprev_word:acurrent_word:12-year next_word:average
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:retailerscurrent_word:noticed next_word:numerous
prev_suf:escur_suf:ivprev_word:notescurrent_word:sanjiv next_word:g.
prev_suf:``cur_suf:kaprev_word:``current_word:afrika next_word:korps
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:thecurrent_word:solidarity-led next_word:government
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ptprev_word:'scurrent_word:receipt next_word:of
prev_suf:ascur_suf:thprev_word:ascurrent_word:north next_word:and
prev_suf:(cur_suf:hkprev_word:(current_word:hk next_word:)
prev_suf:1cur_suf:*8prev_word:1current_word:1\*slash*8 next_word:bid
prev_suf:acur_suf:inprev_word:acurrent_word:gain next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:tsprev_word:delawarecurrent_word:courts next_word:should
prev_suf:14cur_suf:*2prev_word:114current_word:1\*slash*2 next_word:%
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:highest next_word:on
prev_suf:9cur_suf:*4prev_word:9current_word:1\*slash*4 next_word:%
prev_suf:,cur_suf:heprev_word:,current_word:he next_word:took
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:signed next_word:a
prev_suf:hycur_suf:itprev_word:whycurrent_word:limit next_word:of
prev_suf:'scur_suf:stprev_word:'scurrent_word:steepest next_word:fall
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ayprev_word:tocurrent_word:display next_word:shelf
prev_suf:oncur_suf:nsprev_word:acquisitioncurrent_word:strengthens next_word:bsn
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ceprev_word:thecurrent_word:marketplace next_word:had
prev_suf:iscur_suf:arprev_word:hiscurrent_word:full-year next_word:1988
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:onprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:education next_word:'s
prev_suf:ancur_suf:goprev_word:sancurrent_word:diego next_word:environmental
prev_suf:thcur_suf:rsprev_word:withcurrent_word:rumors next_word:that
prev_suf:'scur_suf:stprev_word:'scurrent_word:contest next_word:for
prev_suf:omcur_suf:61prev_word:fromcurrent_word:178.61 next_word:billion
prev_suf:llcur_suf:teprev_word:willcurrent_word:compete next_word:directly
prev_suf:hecur_suf:atprev_word:thecurrent_word:stat next_word:to
prev_suf:encur_suf:icprev_word:beencurrent_word:ecstatic next_word:over
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ayprev_word:tocurrent_word:stay next_word:on
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:doprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:nintendo next_word:credited
prev_suf:tocur_suf:erprev_word:tocurrent_word:deter next_word:overpaying
prev_suf:mycur_suf:dsprev_word:mycurrent_word:friends next_word:,
prev_suf:ircur_suf:edprev_word:theircurrent_word:u.s.-supplied next_word:arms
prev_suf:acur_suf:onprev_word:acurrent_word:portion next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:rtprev_word:thecurrent_word:frankfurt next_word:'s
prev_suf:thcur_suf:fiprev_word:withcurrent_word:gadhafi next_word:at
prev_suf:,cur_suf:esprev_word:,current_word:indicates next_word:profit
prev_suf:stcur_suf:stprev_word:largestcurrent_word:protest next_word:in
prev_suf:ercur_suf:anprev_word:othercurrent_word:asian next_word:markets
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:esprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:aides next_word:both
prev_suf:upcur_suf:tsprev_word:groupcurrent_word:consists next_word:of
prev_suf:,cur_suf:seprev_word:,current_word:whose next_word:troubles
prev_suf:hecur_suf:76prev_word:thecurrent_word:1,376 next_word:page
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:teprev_word:couldcurrent_word:calculate next_word:the
prev_suf:incur_suf:tsprev_word:certaincurrent_word:segments next_word:of
prev_suf:llcur_suf:apprev_word:willcurrent_word:swap next_word:$
prev_suf:htcur_suf:tsprev_word:boughtcurrent_word:plants next_word:in
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ueprev_word:tocurrent_word:rescue next_word:the
prev_suf:hecur_suf:chprev_word:thecurrent_word:dutch next_word:investors
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ctprev_word:adverselycurrent_word:affect next_word:the
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:vast next_word:shadow
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.3prev_word:$current_word:439.3 next_word:million
prev_suf:atcur_suf:70prev_word:atcurrent_word:2601.70 next_word:.
prev_suf:nycur_suf:psprev_word:anycurrent_word:crops next_word:in
prev_suf:)cur_suf:haprev_word:)current_word:fha next_word:alone
prev_suf:acur_suf:onprev_word:acurrent_word:solution next_word:is
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:rtprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:herbert next_word:m.
prev_suf:necur_suf:lyprev_word:postponecurrent_word:indefinitely next_word:its
prev_suf:recur_suf:ceprev_word:grocery-storecurrent_word:convenience next_word:food
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ceprev_word:tocurrent_word:enhance next_word:its
prev_suf:'scur_suf:psprev_word:'scurrent_word:ups next_word:and
prev_suf:'scur_suf:esprev_word:'scurrent_word:clothes next_word:under
prev_suf:escur_suf:ceprev_word:salescurrent_word:force next_word:as
prev_suf:omcur_suf:seprev_word:fromcurrent_word:japanese next_word:were
prev_suf:iscur_suf:lyprev_word:iscurrent_word:likely next_word:winner
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:enprev_word:movingcurrent_word:even next_word:higher
prev_suf:,cur_suf:maprev_word:,current_word:panama next_word:.
prev_suf:omcur_suf:iaprev_word:fromcurrent_word:asia next_word:is
prev_suf:tycur_suf:anprev_word:fidelitycurrent_word:spokesman next_word:said
prev_suf:,cur_suf:r.prev_word:,current_word:dr. next_word:sullivan
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ewprev_word:thecurrent_word:new next_word:unit
prev_suf:elcur_suf:psprev_word:travelcurrent_word:tips next_word:to
prev_suf:stcur_suf:erprev_word:largestcurrent_word:ever next_word:since
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:reviving next_word:some
prev_suf:incur_suf:laprev_word:incurrent_word:ogallala next_word:,
prev_suf:incur_suf:heprev_word:certaincurrent_word:niche next_word:markets
prev_suf:orcur_suf:erprev_word:majorcurrent_word:barometer next_word:,
prev_suf:umcur_suf:esprev_word:lump-sumcurrent_word:incentives next_word:and
prev_suf:sscur_suf:enprev_word:businesscurrent_word:men next_word:and
prev_suf:orcur_suf:leprev_word:forcurrent_word:disposable next_word:diapers
prev_suf:recur_suf:ewprev_word:measurecurrent_word:drew next_word:criticism
prev_suf:omcur_suf:ngprev_word:fromcurrent_word:feeding next_word:on
prev_suf:atcur_suf:02prev_word:atcurrent_word:102 next_word:2\*slash*32
prev_suf:atcur_suf:03prev_word:atcurrent_word:103 next_word:12\*slash*32
prev_suf:gecur_suf:00prev_word:exchangecurrent_word:100 next_word:index
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:01prev_word:ofcurrent_word:101 next_word:9\*slash*32
prev_suf:orcur_suf:13prev_word:orcurrent_word:1.13 next_word:%
prev_suf:tecur_suf:esprev_word:videocassettecurrent_word:tapes next_word:,
prev_suf:ancur_suf:csprev_word:germancurrent_word:economics next_word:have
prev_suf:bycur_suf:ngprev_word:bycurrent_word:ignoring next_word:recent
prev_suf:incur_suf:itprev_word:incurrent_word:credit next_word:agreement
prev_suf:tocur_suf:itprev_word:tocurrent_word:permit next_word:the
prev_suf:decur_suf:iaprev_word:outsidecurrent_word:california next_word:define
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:00prev_word:includingcurrent_word:306,000 next_word:shares
prev_suf:omcur_suf:00prev_word:fromcurrent_word:5,500,000 next_word:.
prev_suf:adcur_suf:gnprev_word:adcurrent_word:campaign next_word:.
prev_suf:axcur_suf:typrev_word:fairfaxcurrent_word:county next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:anprev_word:andcurrent_word:soybean next_word:contracts
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ngprev_word:andcurrent_word:pyongyang next_word:reached
prev_suf:``cur_suf:asprev_word:``current_word:gorillas next_word:in
prev_suf:edcur_suf:msprev_word:u.s.-suppliedcurrent_word:arms next_word:to
prev_suf:urcur_suf:llprev_word:yourcurrent_word:call next_word:money
prev_suf:tocur_suf:lmprev_word:tocurrent_word:calm next_word:in
prev_suf:icur_suf:llprev_word:icurrent_word:tell next_word:you
prev_suf:hecur_suf:eyprev_word:thecurrent_word:mckinney next_word:act
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:rsprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:supporters next_word:of
prev_suf:gecur_suf:teprev_word:exchangecurrent_word:composite next_word:trading
prev_suf:tocur_suf:rnprev_word:tocurrent_word:warn next_word:pilots
prev_suf:encur_suf:rmprev_word:chickencurrent_word:warm next_word:and
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:zyprev_word:sellingcurrent_word:frenzy next_word:.
prev_suf:ascur_suf:nkprev_word:ascurrent_word:inter-bank next_word:loans
prev_suf:thcur_suf:tsprev_word:withcurrent_word:pacts next_word:expiring
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:omprev_word:tradingcurrent_word:room next_word:went
prev_suf:orcur_suf:tsprev_word:majorcurrent_word:rights next_word:,
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:neprev_word:ofcurrent_word:gasoline next_word:retailing
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ckprev_word:'scurrent_word:candlestick next_word:park
prev_suf:tscur_suf:esprev_word:itscurrent_word:movies next_word:are
prev_suf:tocur_suf:otprev_word:tocurrent_word:root next_word:for
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:veprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:give next_word:it
prev_suf:atcur_suf:00prev_word:thatcurrent_word:10,000 next_word:to
prev_suf:tocur_suf:04prev_word:tocurrent_word:10,004 next_word:tons
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ngprev_word:outnumberedcurrent_word:advancing next_word:the
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.9prev_word:$current_word:548.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:answer next_word:will
prev_suf:edcur_suf:rdprev_word:usedcurrent_word:aboard next_word:.
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:typrev_word:andcurrent_word:minority next_word:interests
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:replacing next_word:the
prev_suf:cecur_suf:ntprev_word:vicecurrent_word:president next_word:and
prev_suf:rmcur_suf:etprev_word:firmcurrent_word:cholet next_word:dupont
prev_suf:nycur_suf:umprev_word:alleghenycurrent_word:ludlum next_word:corp.
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ptprev_word:ancurrent_word:attempt next_word:to
prev_suf:llcur_suf:erprev_word:thrillcurrent_word:procter next_word:&
prev_suf:tocur_suf:inprev_word:tocurrent_word:maintain next_word:orderly
prev_suf:,cur_suf:teprev_word:,current_word:operate next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ecprev_word:thecurrent_word:ec next_word:unity
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:nsprev_word:manufacturingcurrent_word:operations next_word:``
prev_suf:00cur_suf:osprev_word:10,000current_word:pianos next_word:would
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:nsprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:partisans next_word:of
prev_suf:tscur_suf:reprev_word:assetscurrent_word:before next_word:then
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ngprev_word:andcurrent_word:scoring next_word:a
prev_suf:oncur_suf:.4prev_word:productioncurrent_word:10.4 next_word:%
prev_suf:tocur_suf:.6prev_word:tocurrent_word:10.6 next_word:million
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.9prev_word:$current_word:10.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:alcur_suf:,prev_word:capitalcurrent_word:, next_word:up
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:better next_word:,
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:ksprev_word:recentcurrent_word:weeks next_word:ended
prev_suf:adcur_suf:meprev_word:hadcurrent_word:overcome next_word:the
prev_suf:oncur_suf:c.prev_word:oncurrent_word:dec. next_word:8
prev_suf:acur_suf:onprev_word:acurrent_word:combination next_word:of
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ssprev_word:ofcurrent_word:weakness next_word:.
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:nsprev_word:andcurrent_word:downs next_word:by
prev_suf:alcur_suf:onprev_word:electoralcurrent_word:intimidation next_word:,
prev_suf:lecur_suf:seprev_word:wholecurrent_word:greenhouse next_word:theory
prev_suf:$cur_suf:reprev_word:$current_word:45-a-share next_word:offer
prev_suf:lscur_suf:75prev_word:controlscurrent_word:2,720,675 next_word:aristech
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:atprev_word:andcurrent_word:meat next_word:prices
prev_suf::cur_suf:85prev_word::current_word:141.85 next_word:yen
prev_suf:eycur_suf:edprev_word:stanleycurrent_word:arrested next_word:and
prev_suf:etcur_suf:ntprev_word:marketcurrent_word:went next_word:public
prev_suf:ercur_suf:deprev_word:othercurrent_word:side next_word:,
prev_suf:rycur_suf:ndprev_word:treasurycurrent_word:bond next_word:prices
prev_suf:ancur_suf:onprev_word:ancurrent_word:interruption next_word:of
prev_suf:tecur_suf:deprev_word:senatecurrent_word:aide next_word:who
prev_suf:incur_suf:anprev_word:incurrent_word:milan next_word:,
prev_suf:tecur_suf:ngprev_word:compositecurrent_word:trading next_word:.
prev_suf:idcur_suf:ugprev_word:saidcurrent_word:doug next_word:arthur
prev_suf:edcur_suf:.3prev_word:closedcurrent_word:79.3 next_word:points
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ndprev_word:economistscurrent_word:contend next_word:that
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:restricted next_word:by
prev_suf:lycur_suf:alprev_word:absolutelycurrent_word:crucial next_word:for
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ngprev_word:itscurrent_word:revolving next_word:credit
prev_suf:edcur_suf:rsprev_word:swampedcurrent_word:advancers next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:shprev_word:morecurrent_word:sluggish next_word:earnings
prev_suf:rscur_suf:ngprev_word:newspaperscurrent_word:turning next_word:to
prev_suf:tocur_suf:meprev_word:tocurrent_word:resume next_word:the
prev_suf:edcur_suf:onprev_word:advancedcurrent_word:anti-recession next_word:housing
prev_suf:hecur_suf:s.prev_word:thecurrent_word:u.s. next_word:temporary
prev_suf:$cur_suf:45prev_word:$current_word:245 next_word:million
prev_suf:eycur_suf:rnprev_word:stanleycurrent_word:shopkorn next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:40prev_word:$current_word:240 next_word:million
prev_suf:$cur_suf:90prev_word:$current_word:3.90 next_word:an
prev_suf:pocur_suf:tsprev_word:swapocurrent_word:starts next_word:running
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:messages next_word:,
prev_suf:thcur_suf:siprev_word:withcurrent_word:isi next_word:said
prev_suf:b.cur_suf:rtprev_word:b.current_word:stewart next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:esprev_word:,current_word:features next_word:black-and-white
prev_suf:mecur_suf:tsprev_word:somecurrent_word:economists next_word:also
prev_suf:iscur_suf:itprev_word:hiscurrent_word:unlit next_word:cigar
prev_suf:lecur_suf:nsprev_word:volatilecurrent_word:executions next_word:.
prev_suf:edcur_suf:rsprev_word:carpetedcurrent_word:floors next_word:.
prev_suf:tocur_suf:teprev_word:tocurrent_word:deplete next_word:the
prev_suf:hecur_suf:deprev_word:thecurrent_word:downside next_word:because
prev_suf:incur_suf:rgprev_word:incurrent_word:strasbourg next_word:,
prev_suf:secur_suf:ngprev_word:usecurrent_word:recruiting next_word:bonuses
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:arecurrent_word:twisted next_word:to
prev_suf:hycur_suf:odprev_word:wealthycurrent_word:hollywood next_word:stars
prev_suf:hecur_suf:gsprev_word:thecurrent_word:digs next_word::
prev_suf:lfcur_suf:neprev_word:elfcurrent_word:aquitaine next_word:,
prev_suf:edcur_suf:atprev_word:recoveredcurrent_word:somewhat next_word:,
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:anprev_word:includingcurrent_word:eastman next_word:kodak
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:ceprev_word:newcurrent_word:distance next_word:requirements
prev_suf:edcur_suf:typrev_word:replacedcurrent_word:anxiety next_word:on
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:mcprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:fmc next_word:says
prev_suf:$cur_suf:21prev_word:$current_word:19-to-$21 next_word:range
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:bidder next_word:must
prev_suf:g.cur_suf:niprev_word:g.current_word:hingorani next_word:said
prev_suf:ercur_suf:esprev_word:retailercurrent_word:sees next_word:a
prev_suf:orcur_suf:psprev_word:orcurrent_word:runups next_word:in
prev_suf:tocur_suf:leprev_word:tocurrent_word:rattle next_word:traders
prev_suf:incur_suf:rnprev_word:incurrent_word:modern next_word:inc
prev_suf:eycur_suf:neprev_word:valleycurrent_word:mine next_word:in
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:rsprev_word:newcurrent_word:un-advertisers next_word:include
prev_suf:becur_suf:enprev_word:becurrent_word:seen next_word:is
prev_suf:atcur_suf:emprev_word:thatcurrent_word:seem next_word:never
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:sounding next_word:particularly
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ekprev_word:andcurrent_word:seek next_word:a
prev_suf:nscur_suf:lsprev_word:pickenscurrent_word:tells next_word:about
prev_suf:excur_suf:edprev_word:indexcurrent_word:soared next_word:.
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:worsening next_word:business
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:ndprev_word:newcurrent_word:zealand next_word:and
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ntprev_word:tuitioncurrent_word:reimbursement next_word:,
prev_suf:ancur_suf:alprev_word:americancurrent_word:medical next_word:and
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:rsprev_word:ofcurrent_word:competitors next_word:.
prev_suf:88cur_suf:tsprev_word:88current_word:points next_word:on
prev_suf:incur_suf:leprev_word:incurrent_word:principle next_word:to
prev_suf:tycur_suf:edprev_word:citycurrent_word:breathed next_word:a
prev_suf:$cur_suf:25prev_word:$current_word:18.625 next_word:.
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:erprev_word:andcurrent_word:consumer next_word:deposits
prev_suf:atcur_suf:owprev_word:thatcurrent_word:dow next_word:.
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ngprev_word:oncurrent_word:amending next_word:the
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:orprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:ambassador next_word:.
prev_suf:'scur_suf:onprev_word:'scurrent_word:jurisdiction next_word:,
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:ending next_word:aug.
prev_suf:tecur_suf:esprev_word:ultimatecurrent_word:judges next_word:of
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:stprev_word:fieldcurrent_word:northeast next_word:intan
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:icprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:photographic next_word:enlargers
prev_suf:rscur_suf:inprev_word:stafferscurrent_word:explain next_word:their
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:arprev_word:andcurrent_word:sugar next_word:,
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:teprev_word:ofcurrent_word:variable-rate next_word:mortgages
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:ksprev_word:fewcurrent_word:folks next_word:even
prev_suf:tocur_suf:anprev_word:sacramentocurrent_word:septuagenarian next_word:,
prev_suf:upcur_suf:ngprev_word:upcurrent_word:wearing next_word:caps
prev_suf:oncur_suf:tsprev_word:oncurrent_word:exports next_word:in
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:opprev_word:shouldcurrent_word:stop next_word:the
prev_suf:stcur_suf:stprev_word:westcurrent_word:coast next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:n.prev_word:thecurrent_word:u.n. next_word:aide
prev_suf:llcur_suf:lyprev_word:willcurrent_word:comply next_word:,
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:atprev_word:lungingcurrent_word:bat next_word:.
prev_suf:necur_suf:arprev_word:winecurrent_word:bar next_word:on
prev_suf:ricur_suf:dsprev_word:widuricurrent_word:fields next_word:.
prev_suf:incur_suf:ldprev_word:incurrent_word:high-yield next_word:issues
prev_suf:stcur_suf:ayprev_word:eastcurrent_word:bay next_word:bashers
prev_suf:iccur_suf:agprev_word:plasticcurrent_word:bag next_word:during
prev_suf:hecur_suf:adprev_word:thecurrent_word:bad next_word:bellwether
prev_suf:ltcur_suf:eyprev_word:waltcurrent_word:disney next_word:co.
prev_suf:,cur_suf:anprev_word:,current_word:ban next_word:on
prev_suf:atcur_suf:esprev_word:thatcurrent_word:decides next_word:for
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:testing next_word:has
prev_suf:utcur_suf:edprev_word:butcurrent_word:decided next_word:against
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:repairscurrent_word:vented next_word:the
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ctprev_word:iscurrent_word:subject next_word:to
prev_suf:n.cur_suf:teprev_word:sen.current_word:pete next_word:domenici
prev_suf:''cur_suf:idprev_word:''current_word:said next_word:kidder
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:artificial next_word:boosts
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:orprev_word:andcurrent_word:warrior next_word:oil
prev_suf:$cur_suf:50prev_word:$current_word:491.50 next_word:for
prev_suf:escur_suf:ngprev_word:personalitiescurrent_word:modeling next_word:the
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ngprev_word:begancurrent_word:picking next_word:up
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:61prev_word:ofcurrent_word:1657.61 next_word:on
prev_suf:urcur_suf:inprev_word:arthurcurrent_word:cashin next_word:jr.
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:hascurrent_word:suggested next_word:the
prev_suf:hecur_suf:typrev_word:thecurrent_word:uncertainty next_word:that
prev_suf:emcur_suf:stprev_word:themcurrent_word:against next_word:apartheid
prev_suf:vecur_suf:onprev_word:positivecurrent_word:contribution next_word:,
prev_suf:encur_suf:lyprev_word:thencurrent_word:presumably next_word:argentina
prev_suf:nscur_suf:edprev_word:institutionscurrent_word:appeared next_word:to
prev_suf:ekcur_suf:veprev_word:weekcurrent_word:initiative next_word:.
prev_suf:rdcur_suf:anprev_word:richardcurrent_word:crisman next_word:,
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:drilled next_word:at
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:reportedlycurrent_word:loaded next_word:up
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:tsprev_word:andcurrent_word:puts next_word:some
prev_suf:13cur_suf:isprev_word:13current_word:basis next_word:.
prev_suf:arcur_suf:eeprev_word:appearcurrent_word:three next_word:of
prev_suf:gecur_suf:onprev_word:exchangecurrent_word:commission next_word:investigates
prev_suf:tocur_suf:erprev_word:tocurrent_word:trigger next_word:large
prev_suf:ercur_suf:stprev_word:lowercurrent_word:interest next_word:rate
prev_suf:hecur_suf:icprev_word:thecurrent_word:basic next_word:market
prev_suf:yscur_suf:edprev_word:boyscurrent_word:entered next_word:the
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:nsprev_word:restaurantcurrent_word:locations next_word:.
prev_suf:o.cur_suf:11prev_word:no.current_word:111 next_word:19\*slash*32
prev_suf:secur_suf:onprev_word:housecurrent_word:aviation next_word:administration
prev_suf:$cur_suf:66prev_word:$current_word:166 next_word:billion
prev_suf:#cur_suf:60prev_word:#current_word:160 next_word:million
prev_suf:tocur_suf:62prev_word:tocurrent_word:162 next_word:million
prev_suf:ircur_suf:esprev_word:theircurrent_word:economies next_word:generally
prev_suf:edcur_suf:arprev_word:closedcurrent_word:near next_word:closing
prev_suf:decur_suf:ceprev_word:foreign-tradecurrent_word:balance next_word:sheets
prev_suf:thcur_suf:naprev_word:withcurrent_word:pertamina next_word:,
prev_suf:acur_suf:dyprev_word:acurrent_word:study next_word:by
prev_suf:stcur_suf:enprev_word:justcurrent_word:seven next_word:stocks
prev_suf:escur_suf:reprev_word:timescurrent_word:30-share next_word:index
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:anprev_word:grandcurrent_word:metropolitan next_word:plc
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:isprev_word:borrowingcurrent_word:is next_word:shared
prev_suf:``cur_suf:itprev_word:``current_word:it next_word:will
prev_suf:arcur_suf:iiprev_word:warcurrent_word:ii next_word:era
prev_suf:ancur_suf:inprev_word:plancurrent_word:in next_word:1985
prev_suf:llcur_suf:arprev_word:willcurrent_word:disappear next_word:once
prev_suf:llcur_suf:ifprev_word:hillcurrent_word:if next_word:anything
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:edprev_word:managementcurrent_word:overstated next_word:the
prev_suf:utcur_suf:esprev_word:outcurrent_word:bottles next_word:of
prev_suf:tocur_suf:keprev_word:tocurrent_word:make next_word:a
prev_suf:,cur_suf:tsprev_word:,current_word:forklifts next_word:and
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ndprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:roland next_word:m.
prev_suf:,cur_suf:inprev_word:,current_word:kevin next_word:mitchell
prev_suf:hecur_suf:teprev_word:thecurrent_word:unfortunate next_word:victim
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:sidelines next_word:until
prev_suf:ascur_suf:ngprev_word:wascurrent_word:showing next_word:signs
prev_suf:ercur_suf:tsprev_word:offercurrent_word:meets next_word:the
prev_suf:locur_suf:isprev_word:danilocurrent_word:kis next_word:,
prev_suf:acur_suf:toprev_word:acurrent_word:sacramento next_word:(
prev_suf:ercur_suf:itprev_word:startercurrent_word:kit next_word:,
prev_suf:ancur_suf:typrev_word:ancurrent_word:opportunity next_word:created
prev_suf:ercur_suf:msprev_word:othercurrent_word:programs next_word:designed
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:settled next_word:its
prev_suf:alcur_suf:ngprev_word:dealcurrent_word:failing next_word:.
prev_suf:rycur_suf:lsprev_word:preliminarycurrent_word:materials next_word:marketing
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ngprev_word:ofcurrent_word:resuming next_word:full
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:hecurrent_word:smoked next_word:toronto
prev_suf:tycur_suf:tsprev_word:fidelitycurrent_word:investments next_word:,
prev_suf:itcur_suf:ftprev_word:itcurrent_word:left next_word:on
prev_suf:'scur_suf:stprev_word:'scurrent_word:just next_word:ended
prev_suf:oncur_suf:enprev_word:billioncurrent_word:yen next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:sporting next_word:goods
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:assigned next_word:a
prev_suf:oucur_suf:fyprev_word:youcurrent_word:identify next_word:the
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:anprev_word:andcurrent_word:human next_word:development
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:tsprev_word:coldcurrent_word:facts next_word:of
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:esprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:yes next_word:,
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:etprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:yet next_word:,
prev_suf:utcur_suf:ngprev_word:aboutcurrent_word:impending next_word:shortages
prev_suf:rscur_suf:teprev_word:otherscurrent_word:note next_word:of
prev_suf:chcur_suf:rsprev_word:matchcurrent_word:buyers next_word:.
prev_suf:ancur_suf:teprev_word:republicancurrent_word:candidate next_word:,
prev_suf:iscur_suf:lyprev_word:iscurrent_word:infinitely next_word:stronger
prev_suf:--cur_suf:erprev_word:--current_word:character next_word:is
prev_suf:llcur_suf:veprev_word:willcurrent_word:save next_word:the
prev_suf:thcur_suf:rsprev_word:withcurrent_word:supervisors next_word:and
prev_suf:edcur_suf:utprev_word:leveragedcurrent_word:buy-out next_word:was
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:tsprev_word:blackcurrent_word:nationalists next_word:resumed
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ndprev_word:thecurrent_word:background next_word:,
prev_suf:stcur_suf:leprev_word:mostcurrent_word:visible next_word:investment
prev_suf:opcur_suf:ngprev_word:topcurrent_word:performing next_word:industry
prev_suf:a.cur_suf:alprev_word:a.current_word:manual next_word:typewriters
prev_suf:8cur_suf:16prev_word:8current_word:9\*slash*16 next_word:%
prev_suf:$cur_suf:50prev_word:$current_word:101,250 next_word:;
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:lyprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:interestingly next_word:,
prev_suf:edcur_suf:tsprev_word:tradedcurrent_word:bets next_word:on
prev_suf:$cur_suf:13prev_word:$current_word:4.13 next_word:a
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:anprev_word:andcurrent_word:dean next_word:lebaron
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:deal next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:19prev_word:$current_word:4.19 next_word:billion
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:owprev_word:shouldcurrent_word:somehow next_word:be
prev_suf:tocur_suf:erprev_word:tocurrent_word:jupiter next_word:.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:05prev_word:$current_word:205 next_word:million
prev_suf:oncur_suf:rmprev_word:oncurrent_word:short-term next_word:cataclysms
prev_suf:tocur_suf:reprev_word:tocurrent_word:ignore next_word:evidence
prev_suf:,cur_suf:e.prev_word:,current_word:ore. next_word:,
prev_suf:iscur_suf:enprev_word:hiscurrent_word:outspoken next_word:views
prev_suf:hecur_suf:lyprev_word:thecurrent_word:single-family next_word:home
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:bank-backed next_word:business
prev_suf:orcur_suf:inprev_word:forcurrent_word:dunkin next_word:'
prev_suf:$cur_suf:65prev_word:$current_word:1.2965 next_word:,
prev_suf:decur_suf:rtprev_word:includecurrent_word:burt next_word:hill
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:elprev_word:andcurrent_word:orel next_word:hershiser
prev_suf:hecur_suf:neprev_word:thecurrent_word:magazine next_word:for
prev_suf:aycur_suf:onprev_word:yesterdaycurrent_word:afternoon next_word:.
prev_suf:edcur_suf:83prev_word:soaredcurrent_word:664.83 next_word:points
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:alprev_word:grandcurrent_word:marshal next_word:of
prev_suf:rycur_suf:llprev_word:marycurrent_word:farrell next_word:advising
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:rsprev_word:investmentcurrent_word:managers next_word:who
prev_suf:thcur_suf:edprev_word:growthcurrent_word:amounted next_word:to
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:w-prev_word:ofcurrent_word:low- next_word:and
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:wnprev_word:timingcurrent_word:down next_word:0.5
prev_suf:hecur_suf:0sprev_word:thecurrent_word:1990s next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.4prev_word:$current_word:39.4 next_word:million
prev_suf:encur_suf:edprev_word:whencurrent_word:frightened next_word:investors
prev_suf:cecur_suf:esprev_word:pricecurrent_word:discrepancies next_word:between
prev_suf:arcur_suf:opprev_word:second-yearcurrent_word:shortstop next_word:who
prev_suf:utcur_suf:reprev_word:butcurrent_word:per-share next_word:price
prev_suf:tecur_suf:veprev_word:eliminatecurrent_word:counterproductive next_word:controls
prev_suf:,cur_suf:orprev_word:,current_word:editor next_word:of
prev_suf:lacur_suf:nsprev_word:la-lacurrent_word:factions next_word:are
prev_suf:secur_suf:32prev_word:rosecurrent_word:21\*slash*32 next_word:to
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:offering next_word:that
prev_suf:``cur_suf:anprev_word:``current_word:batman next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:seprev_word:thecurrent_word:anti-defense next_word:greens
prev_suf:secur_suf:ngprev_word:thesecurrent_word:landing next_word:requirement
prev_suf:odcur_suf:nsprev_word:goodcurrent_word:educations next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:reprev_word:thecurrent_word:failure next_word:of
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:wsprev_word:newcurrent_word:lows next_word:.
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:25prev_word:ofcurrent_word:225 next_word:blue-chip
prev_suf:$cur_suf:24prev_word:$current_word:224 next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:22prev_word:tocurrent_word:222 next_word:7\*slash*8
prev_suf:adcur_suf:erprev_word:badcurrent_word:bellwether next_word:for
prev_suf:cecur_suf:dsprev_word:pricecurrent_word:trends next_word:on
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:icprev_word:andcurrent_word:classic next_word:spirit
prev_suf:'scur_suf:leprev_word:'scurrent_word:sale next_word:of
prev_suf:$cur_suf:reprev_word:$current_word:18-a-share next_word:,
prev_suf:eecur_suf:ngprev_word:freecurrent_word:floating next_word:state
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:stprev_word:blackcurrent_word:marxist next_word:rule
prev_suf:j.cur_suf:anprev_word:j.current_word:phelan next_word:said
prev_suf:vecur_suf:lyprev_word:havecurrent_word:generally next_word:uneasy
prev_suf:ipcur_suf:seprev_word:membershipcurrent_word:warehouse next_word:for
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.6prev_word:$current_word:143.6 next_word:million
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ltprev_word:overtlycurrent_word:felt next_word:had
prev_suf:,cur_suf:esprev_word:,current_word:utilities next_word:214.73
prev_suf:tycur_suf:stprev_word:three-partycurrent_word:non-socialist next_word:government
prev_suf:ercur_suf:llprev_word:quartercurrent_word:fell next_word:about
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ndprev_word:thecurrent_word:weekend next_word:,
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:edprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:died next_word::
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ilprev_word:tocurrent_word:derail next_word:namibia
prev_suf:30cur_suf:onprev_word:30current_word:billion next_word:of
prev_suf:$cur_suf:00prev_word:$current_word:30,000 next_word:of
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ngprev_word:'scurrent_word:happening next_word:in
prev_suf:hecur_suf:lyprev_word:thecurrent_word:daily next_word:limit
prev_suf:$cur_suf:30prev_word:$current_word:367.30 next_word:an
prev_suf:ercur_suf:msprev_word:takeovercurrent_word:premiums next_word:become
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:homered next_word:for
prev_suf:necur_suf:tsprev_word:airlinecurrent_word:profits next_word:have
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:managed next_word:plants
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ldprev_word:thecurrent_word:mild next_word:decrease
prev_suf:itcur_suf:esprev_word:itcurrent_word:manages next_word:$
prev_suf:hecur_suf:meprev_word:thecurrent_word:five-game next_word:dodger
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:otprev_word:partingcurrent_word:shot next_word:upward
prev_suf:wncur_suf:.5prev_word:downcurrent_word:37.5 next_word:cents
prev_suf:oncur_suf:onprev_word:oncurrent_word:anticipation next_word:of
prev_suf::cur_suf:elprev_word::current_word:cornel next_word:wilde
prev_suf:ircur_suf:rsprev_word:theircurrent_word:editors next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:wnprev_word:thecurrent_word:countdown next_word:for
prev_suf:iscur_suf:lyprev_word:iscurrent_word:finally next_word:,
prev_suf:lscur_suf:edprev_word:officialscurrent_word:praised next_word:institutional
prev_suf:llcur_suf:opprev_word:fellcurrent_word:swoop next_word:,
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ksprev_word:billioncurrent_word:marks next_word:,
prev_suf:escur_suf:edprev_word:lossescurrent_word:suffered next_word:aftershocks
prev_suf:acur_suf:utprev_word:acurrent_word:turnabout next_word:.
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:erprev_word:investmentcurrent_word:adviser next_word:for
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:string next_word:of
prev_suf:llcur_suf:chprev_word:merrillcurrent_word:lynch next_word:,
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:advised next_word:that
prev_suf:ancur_suf:tsprev_word:koreancurrent_word:governments next_word:,
prev_suf:sscur_suf:idprev_word:congresscurrent_word:did next_word:n't
prev_suf:vecur_suf:rsprev_word:noncorrosivecurrent_word:cleaners next_word:.
prev_suf:axcur_suf:00prev_word:t-maxcurrent_word:3200 next_word:,
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:lsprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:proposals next_word:arise
prev_suf:iacur_suf:atprev_word:philadelphiacurrent_word:democrat next_word:used
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ipprev_word:tocurrent_word:dip next_word:.
prev_suf:stcur_suf:ndprev_word:firstcurrent_word:round next_word:of
prev_suf:edcur_suf:icprev_word:signedcurrent_word:olympic next_word:gold
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:thecurrent_word:unexpected next_word:drying
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:leprev_word:andcurrent_word:measurable next_word:improvements
prev_suf:incur_suf:teprev_word:incurrent_word:telerate next_word:screens
prev_suf:ercur_suf:edprev_word:lowercurrent_word:trading-related next_word:''
prev_suf:atcur_suf:30prev_word:atcurrent_word:98.30 next_word:,
prev_suf:vecur_suf:tsprev_word:prospectivecurrent_word:targets next_word:cheered
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ckprev_word:'scurrent_word:500-stock next_word:index
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ceprev_word:thecurrent_word:resurgence next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:dsprev_word:hecurrent_word:adds next_word:that
prev_suf:oncur_suf:alprev_word:londoncurrent_word:international next_word:brotherhood
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:transportation next_word:average
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:chprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:french next_word:group
prev_suf:tocur_suf:itprev_word:tocurrent_word:wait next_word:and
prev_suf:,cur_suf:anprev_word:,current_word:canadian next_word:dollars
prev_suf:alcur_suf:teprev_word:nationalcurrent_word:institute next_word:.
prev_suf:tocur_suf:geprev_word:tocurrent_word:salvage next_word:the
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:edprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:grinned next_word:griffith
prev_suf:hocur_suf:esprev_word:whocurrent_word:exemplifies next_word:the
prev_suf:idcur_suf:obprev_word:saidcurrent_word:bob next_word:clarke
prev_suf:,cur_suf:eiprev_word:,current_word:taipei next_word:and
prev_suf:arcur_suf:leprev_word:one-yearcurrent_word:adjustable next_word:rate
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ulprev_word:iscurrent_word:useful next_word:for
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:typrev_word:ofcurrent_word:flexibility next_word:.
prev_suf:lycur_suf:icprev_word:openlycurrent_word:sympathetic next_word:to
prev_suf:alcur_suf:teprev_word:realcurrent_word:estate next_word:magnate
prev_suf:adcur_suf:erprev_word:hadcurrent_word:sharper next_word:losses
prev_suf:''cur_suf:esprev_word:''current_word:pluses next_word::
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:itprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:visit next_word:libya
prev_suf:``cur_suf:ceprev_word:``current_word:france next_word:,
prev_suf:lecur_suf:esprev_word:martinsvillecurrent_word:phillies next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:airline-acquisition next_word:process
prev_suf:acur_suf:orprev_word:acurrent_word:savior next_word:to
prev_suf:itcur_suf:rtprev_word:explicitcurrent_word:effort next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ntprev_word:thecurrent_word:pageant next_word:of
prev_suf:incur_suf:yoprev_word:incurrent_word:tokyo next_word:proved
prev_suf:lecur_suf:wsprev_word:favorablecurrent_word:reviews next_word:were
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:growing next_word:and
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:making next_word:money
prev_suf:thcur_suf:naprev_word:northcurrent_word:carolina next_word:.
prev_suf:escur_suf:esprev_word:sometimescurrent_word:bites next_word:.
prev_suf:'scur_suf:imprev_word:'scurrent_word:claim next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:geprev_word:,current_word:buckeridge next_word:&
prev_suf:escur_suf:ngprev_word:behind-the-scenescurrent_word:lobbying next_word:.
prev_suf:orcur_suf:rsprev_word:forcurrent_word:photofinishers next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:werecurrent_word:battered next_word:friday
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ilprev_word:relocationcurrent_word:council next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:75prev_word:$current_word:53.875 next_word:.
prev_suf:stcur_suf:erprev_word:biggestcurrent_word:sell-order next_word:imbalances
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:wsprev_word:andcurrent_word:inflows next_word:of
prev_suf:nncur_suf:orprev_word:anncurrent_word:arbor next_word:,
prev_suf:incur_suf:loprev_word:incurrent_word:oslo next_word:'s
prev_suf:owcur_suf:alprev_word:dowcurrent_word:chemical next_word:corp.
prev_suf:olcur_suf:ayprev_word:coolcurrent_word:sunday next_word:,
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:nonperformerscurrent_word:totaled next_word:more
prev_suf:'scur_suf:reprev_word:'scurrent_word:pure next_word:psychology
prev_suf:,cur_suf:teprev_word:,current_word:hazardous-waste next_word:services
prev_suf:$cur_suf:47prev_word:$current_word:147 next_word:million
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ngprev_word:orcurrent_word:staying next_word:out
prev_suf:$cur_suf:45prev_word:$current_word:145 next_word:million
prev_suf:omcur_suf:43prev_word:fromcurrent_word:143 next_word:million
prev_suf:utcur_suf:40prev_word:aboutcurrent_word:140 next_word:.
prev_suf:shcur_suf:csprev_word:post-crashcurrent_word:critics next_word:say
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:rallycurrent_word:fed next_word:policy
prev_suf:tocur_suf:49prev_word:tocurrent_word:149 next_word:days
prev_suf:ercur_suf:utprev_word:ministercurrent_word:helmut next_word:kohl
prev_suf:iecur_suf:acprev_word:freddiecurrent_word:mac next_word:)
prev_suf:iecur_suf:aeprev_word:ginniecurrent_word:mae next_word:)
prev_suf:kscur_suf:edprev_word:stockscurrent_word:designed next_word:to
prev_suf:hecur_suf:veprev_word:thecurrent_word:destructive next_word:effects
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:ysprev_word:coldcurrent_word:guys next_word:in
prev_suf:ascur_suf:eyprev_word:wascurrent_word:rickey next_word:henderson
prev_suf:hecur_suf:anprev_word:thecurrent_word:man next_word:credited
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:arecurrent_word:scrambling next_word:to
prev_suf:'scur_suf:geprev_word:'scurrent_word:long-range next_word:prospects
prev_suf:eecur_suf:beprev_word:seecurrent_word:maybe next_word:after
prev_suf:tocur_suf:40prev_word:tocurrent_word:3655.40 next_word:.
prev_suf:'cur_suf:ngprev_word:'current_word:borrowing next_word:in
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:deprev_word:ofcurrent_word:cascade next_word:dishwasher
prev_suf:hecur_suf:chprev_word:thecurrent_word:switch next_word:.
prev_suf:alcur_suf:itprev_word:federalcurrent_word:deposit next_word:growth
prev_suf:thcur_suf:anprev_word:southcurrent_word:african next_word:nations
prev_suf:recur_suf:etprev_word:wirecurrent_word:basket next_word:...
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:lkprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:talk next_word:with
prev_suf:edcur_suf:lyprev_word:coveredcurrent_word:nearly next_word:3.5
prev_suf:,cur_suf:esprev_word:,current_word:shoes next_word:and
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:shecurrent_word:pointed next_word:out
prev_suf:,cur_suf:esprev_word:,current_word:argues next_word:mr.
prev_suf:ddcur_suf:typrev_word:addcurrent_word:stability next_word:of
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:tsprev_word:spendingcurrent_word:cuts next_word:,
prev_suf:acur_suf:upprev_word:acurrent_word:group next_word:in
prev_suf:tocur_suf:orprev_word:tocurrent_word:monitor next_word:yesterday
prev_suf:orcur_suf:cyprev_word:forcurrent_word:policy next_word:speech
prev_suf:'scur_suf:inprev_word:'scurrent_word:main next_word:divisions
prev_suf:'scur_suf:asprev_word:'scurrent_word:texas next_word:and
prev_suf:shcur_suf:meprev_word:britishcurrent_word:prime next_word:minister
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ceprev_word:tocurrent_word:finance next_word:remodeling
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:wsprev_word:governmentcurrent_word:views next_word:on
prev_suf:hocur_suf:edprev_word:whocurrent_word:rattled next_word:liberals
prev_suf:incur_suf:erprev_word:incurrent_word:sooner next_word:or
prev_suf:hecur_suf:chprev_word:thecurrent_word:lunch next_word:we
prev_suf:hncur_suf:kiprev_word:johncurrent_word:lonski next_word:,
prev_suf:otcur_suf:edprev_word:gotcurrent_word:killed next_word:,
prev_suf:edcur_suf:erprev_word:automatedcurrent_word:teller next_word:machines
prev_suf:elcur_suf:erprev_word:orelcurrent_word:hershiser next_word:in
prev_suf:llcur_suf:.9prev_word:fellcurrent_word:14.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:reprev_word:newcurrent_word:offshore next_word:drilling
prev_suf:lecur_suf:ckprev_word:publishablecurrent_word:rock next_word:,
prev_suf:&cur_suf:teprev_word:&current_word:jenrette next_word:inc.
prev_suf:,cur_suf:chprev_word:,current_word:zurich next_word:,
prev_suf:ancur_suf:alprev_word:ancurrent_word:abnormal next_word:condition
prev_suf:incur_suf:&pprev_word:incurrent_word:s&p next_word:100
prev_suf:hecur_suf:&lprev_word:thecurrent_word:s&l next_word:bailout
prev_suf:hecur_suf:csprev_word:thecurrent_word:electro-optics next_word:technology
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:rsprev_word:andcurrent_word:speculators next_word:as
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ipprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:agip next_word:s.p
prev_suf:omcur_suf:-3prev_word:fromcurrent_word:ba-3 next_word:and
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:daprev_word:ofcurrent_word:canada next_word:corp.
prev_suf:bocur_suf:onprev_word:bocurrent_word:jackson next_word:,
prev_suf:ancur_suf:utprev_word:savings-and-loancurrent_word:bailout next_word:agency
prev_suf:oncur_suf:deprev_word:carboncurrent_word:dioxide next_word:of
prev_suf:tocur_suf:teprev_word:tocurrent_word:dominate next_word:certain
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ctprev_word:iscurrent_word:correct next_word:to
prev_suf:fecur_suf:ceprev_word:lifecurrent_word:assurance next_word:''
prev_suf:arcur_suf:erprev_word:yearcurrent_word:earlier next_word:.
prev_suf:gocur_suf:leprev_word:chicagocurrent_word:mercantile next_word:exchange
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:erprev_word:ofcurrent_word:bayer next_word:ag
prev_suf:stcur_suf:ceprev_word:fourth-biggestcurrent_word:advance next_word:cheered
prev_suf:hecur_suf:arprev_word:thecurrent_word:underwear next_word:maker
prev_suf:edcur_suf:geprev_word:complicatedcurrent_word:language next_word:directing
prev_suf:cecur_suf:ryprev_word:financecurrent_word:ministry next_word:was
prev_suf:01cur_suf:32prev_word:101current_word:9\*slash*32 next_word:to
prev_suf:ilcur_suf:seprev_word:gatoilcurrent_word:suisse next_word:owns
prev_suf:stcur_suf:ngprev_word:worstcurrent_word:thing next_word:of
prev_suf:atcur_suf:15prev_word:atcurrent_word:96.15 next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:tsprev_word:firecurrent_word:suppressants next_word:.
prev_suf:acur_suf:ntprev_word:acurrent_word:pleasant next_word:rally
prev_suf:tocur_suf:nkprev_word:tocurrent_word:think next_word:the
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:stprev_word:oaklandcurrent_word:first next_word:objective
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:icprev_word:andcurrent_word:exotic next_word:.
prev_suf:omcur_suf:ngprev_word:fromcurrent_word:fleeing next_word:the
prev_suf:llcur_suf:nsprev_word:allcurrent_word:americans next_word:would
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:long next_word:it
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:suspended next_word:friday
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ryprev_word:andcurrent_word:carry next_word:a
prev_suf:orcur_suf:nsprev_word:majorcurrent_word:corporations next_word:with
prev_suf:acur_suf:leprev_word:acurrent_word:little next_word:patience
prev_suf:wncur_suf:esprev_word:well-knowncurrent_word:personalities next_word:modeling
prev_suf:atcur_suf:neprev_word:thatcurrent_word:anyone next_word:left
prev_suf:ghcur_suf:nsprev_word:highcurrent_word:plains next_word:of
prev_suf:yscur_suf:edprev_word:sayscurrent_word:alfred next_word:debat
prev_suf:``cur_suf:anprev_word:``current_word:rainman next_word:,
prev_suf:llcur_suf:esprev_word:allcurrent_word:eyes next_word:.
prev_suf:utcur_suf:ngprev_word:butcurrent_word:less-than-alarming next_word:1.8
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:lyprev_word:andcurrent_word:accurately next_word:than
prev_suf:escur_suf:stprev_word:seriescurrent_word:broadcast next_word:but
prev_suf:hecur_suf:rdprev_word:thecurrent_word:hartford next_word:,
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:nervouslycurrent_word:eyed next_word:yesterday
prev_suf:'scur_suf:11prev_word:'scurrent_word:11 next_word:.
prev_suf:ercur_suf:10prev_word:overcurrent_word:10 next_word:billion
prev_suf:tocur_suf:13prev_word:tocurrent_word:13 next_word:cents
prev_suf:atcur_suf:12prev_word:atcurrent_word:12 next_word:months
prev_suf:incur_suf:15prev_word:incurrent_word:15 next_word:%
prev_suf:tocur_suf:14prev_word:tocurrent_word:14 next_word:million
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:17prev_word:ofcurrent_word:17 next_word:cents
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:16prev_word:grewcurrent_word:16 next_word:years
prev_suf:$cur_suf:19prev_word:$current_word:19 next_word:%
prev_suf:$cur_suf:18prev_word:$current_word:18 next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:reprev_word:,current_word:were next_word:$
prev_suf:atcur_suf:72prev_word:atcurrent_word:1385.72 next_word:was
prev_suf:$cur_suf:00prev_word:$current_word:350,000 next_word:achievement
prev_suf:hecur_suf:meprev_word:thecurrent_word:monochrome next_word:film
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ntprev_word:'scurrent_word:190.58-point next_word:plunge
prev_suf:ercur_suf:rsprev_word:takeovercurrent_word:initiatiors next_word:got
prev_suf:hocur_suf:edprev_word:whocurrent_word:bailed next_word:out
prev_suf:``cur_suf:ntprev_word:``current_word:efficient next_word:reinvestment
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ngprev_word:forcurrent_word:upgrading next_word:its
prev_suf:acur_suf:umprev_word:acurrent_word:consortium next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:thecurrent_word:endangered next_word:elephant
prev_suf:ercur_suf:alprev_word:anothercurrent_word:potential next_word:effect
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ceprev_word:fourth-quartercurrent_word:performance next_word:during
prev_suf:``cur_suf:edprev_word:``current_word:registered next_word:care
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.4prev_word:$current_word:469.4 next_word:million
prev_suf:utcur_suf:00prev_word:aboutcurrent_word:200 next_word:points
prev_suf:iscur_suf:amprev_word:harriscurrent_word:upham next_word:&
prev_suf:becur_suf:ngprev_word:becurrent_word:straightening next_word:out
prev_suf:escur_suf:anprev_word:jamescurrent_word:norman next_word:found
prev_suf:lycur_suf:alprev_word:relativelycurrent_word:normal next_word:,
prev_suf:stcur_suf:ckprev_word:fastcurrent_word:track next_word:and
prev_suf:becur_suf:idprev_word:becurrent_word:paid next_word:by
prev_suf:acur_suf:geprev_word:acurrent_word:barrage next_word:of
prev_suf:elcur_suf:erprev_word:samuelcurrent_word:skinner next_word:indicated
prev_suf:cecur_suf:tsprev_word:balancecurrent_word:sheets next_word:look
prev_suf:'cur_suf:tsprev_word:'current_word:complaints next_word:from
prev_suf:orcur_suf:nkprev_word:forcurrent_word:commerzbank next_word:ag
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ayprev_word:,current_word:hudbay next_word:oil
prev_suf:hbcur_suf:esprev_word:nahbcurrent_word:acknowledges next_word::
prev_suf:edcur_suf:lyprev_word:consideredcurrent_word:especially next_word:attractive
prev_suf:encur_suf:ngprev_word:beencurrent_word:supporting next_word:prices
prev_suf:hecur_suf:usprev_word:thecurrent_word:pernicious next_word:impact
prev_suf:oncur_suf:opprev_word:bostoncurrent_word:shop next_word:chain
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ngprev_word:itscurrent_word:rating next_word:agency
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:stprev_word:goldcurrent_word:medalist next_word:florence
prev_suf:uecur_suf:fsprev_word:leaguecurrent_word:playoffs next_word:with
prev_suf:tocur_suf:owprev_word:tocurrent_word:show next_word:any
prev_suf:ercur_suf:edprev_word:lettercurrent_word:filed next_word:for
prev_suf:idcur_suf:p.prev_word:saidcurrent_word:rep. next_word:william
prev_suf:nycur_suf:eyprev_word:tonycurrent_word:corney next_word:&
prev_suf:``cur_suf:deprev_word:``current_word:bedside next_word:''
prev_suf:edcur_suf:esprev_word:fixedcurrent_word:rate-mortgages next_word:;
prev_suf:hecur_suf:elprev_word:thecurrent_word:label next_word:for
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:akprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:mubarak next_word:held
prev_suf:--cur_suf:ckprev_word:--current_word:dick next_word:emmons
prev_suf:stcur_suf:ghprev_word:fastcurrent_word:enough next_word:to
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ckprev_word:oncurrent_word:black next_word:marxist
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ryprev_word:tocurrent_word:treasury next_word:bonds
prev_suf:chcur_suf:smprev_word:muchcurrent_word:enthusiasm next_word:because
prev_suf:encur_suf:edprev_word:beencurrent_word:pegged next_word:by
prev_suf:rtcur_suf:onprev_word:robertcurrent_word:fagenson next_word:said
prev_suf:oucur_suf:etprev_word:youcurrent_word:get next_word:out
prev_suf:,cur_suf:tsprev_word:,current_word:contracts next_word:,
prev_suf:nycur_suf:rsprev_word:manycurrent_word:employers next_word:.
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:investorscurrent_word:hailed next_word:new
prev_suf:,cur_suf:a.prev_word:,current_word:a.k.a. next_word:the
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ryprev_word:thecurrent_word:secondary next_word:market
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:harbinger next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:anprev_word:thecurrent_word:median next_word:price
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:ldprev_word:bond-equivalentcurrent_word:yield next_word:12.74
prev_suf:aycur_suf:ngprev_word:mondaycurrent_word:morning next_word:.
prev_suf:.6cur_suf:esprev_word:1.6current_word:miles next_word:from
prev_suf:alcur_suf:lyprev_word:generalcurrent_word:assembly next_word:declared
prev_suf:aucur_suf:ngprev_word:aucurrent_word:yeung next_word:,
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ngprev_word:ofcurrent_word:worrying next_word:and
prev_suf:''cur_suf:edprev_word:''current_word:declared next_word:it
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:intergovernmental next_word:conference
prev_suf:ercur_suf:atprev_word:othercurrent_word:seat next_word:.
prev_suf:incur_suf:veprev_word:incurrent_word:relative next_word:calm
prev_suf:,cur_suf:j.prev_word:,current_word:j. next_word:francis
prev_suf:tocur_suf:stprev_word:tocurrent_word:forecast next_word:of
prev_suf:tocur_suf:mpprev_word:tocurrent_word:pump next_word:in
prev_suf:tocur_suf:.1prev_word:tocurrent_word:168.1 next_word:million
prev_suf:oscur_suf:edprev_word:studioscurrent_word:accustomed next_word:to
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:reading next_word:of
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ssprev_word:plummetedcurrent_word:across next_word:the
prev_suf:oncur_suf:stprev_word:oncurrent_word:august next_word:1988
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ntprev_word:,current_word:parent next_word:of
prev_suf:``cur_suf:cyprev_word:``current_word:legitimacy next_word:of
prev_suf:ercur_suf:lsprev_word:othercurrent_word:approvals next_word:.
prev_suf:vecur_suf:edprev_word:reservecurrent_word:signaled next_word:its
prev_suf:escur_suf:arprev_word:jamescurrent_word:oberstar next_word:and
prev_suf:tocur_suf:htprev_word:tocurrent_word:highlight next_word:the
prev_suf:ttcur_suf:opprev_word:everettcurrent_word:koop next_word:,
prev_suf:otcur_suf:lyprev_word:notcurrent_word:philosophically next_word:agree
prev_suf:utcur_suf:rsprev_word:outcurrent_word:feelers next_word:.
prev_suf:c.cur_suf:erprev_word:inc.current_word:trader next_word:.
prev_suf:amcur_suf:esprev_word:programcurrent_word:trades next_word:on
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:according next_word:to
prev_suf:shcur_suf:tsprev_word:irishcurrent_word:punts next_word:a
prev_suf:stcur_suf:nsprev_word:mostcurrent_word:patrons next_word:watched
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:dated next_word:oct.
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:rsprev_word:remainingcurrent_word:holders next_word:now
prev_suf:encur_suf:edprev_word:salesmencurrent_word:traded next_word:asian
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ngprev_word:reputationcurrent_word:among next_word:big
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:erprev_word:ofcurrent_word:cancer next_word:.
prev_suf:ascur_suf:tsprev_word:ascurrent_word:grants next_word:for
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:considering next_word:the
prev_suf:ancur_suf:alprev_word:ancurrent_word:unusual next_word:about
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ngprev_word:finallycurrent_word:tuning next_word:in
prev_suf:yscur_suf:rcprev_word:sayscurrent_word:marc next_word:l.
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ryprev_word:managercurrent_word:barry next_word:wright
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:rkprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:mark next_word:of
prev_suf:kcur_suf:rtprev_word:kcurrent_word:mart next_word:agreed
prev_suf:%cur_suf:edprev_word:%current_word:unconsolidated next_word:surge
prev_suf:alcur_suf:rsprev_word:internalcurrent_word:borders next_word:in
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:stprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:centrust next_word:branches
prev_suf:escur_suf:ryprev_word:featurescurrent_word:mary next_word:farrell
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:maprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:bma next_word:'s
prev_suf:edcur_suf:lyprev_word:cheeredcurrent_word:lustily next_word:.
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:wiselycurrent_word:offered next_word:rates
prev_suf:'scur_suf:icprev_word:'scurrent_word:dramatic next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:keprev_word:thecurrent_word:wake next_word:of
prev_suf:acur_suf:onprev_word:acurrent_word:declaration next_word:of
prev_suf:oncur_suf:seprev_word:oncurrent_word:those next_word:assets
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ndprev_word:fundamentallycurrent_word:sound next_word:''
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:neatlycurrent_word:stacked next_word:on
prev_suf:iscur_suf:edprev_word:iscurrent_word:disconnected next_word:from
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:'tprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:n't next_word:have
prev_suf:iacur_suf:loprev_word:antoniacurrent_word:novello next_word:'s
prev_suf:cecur_suf:esprev_word:pricecurrent_word:associates next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:ongoing next_word:hud
prev_suf:atcur_suf:esprev_word:atcurrent_word:jefferies next_word:&
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:promising next_word:annual
prev_suf:thcur_suf:ngprev_word:withcurrent_word:investigating next_word:a
prev_suf:edcur_suf:nyprev_word:oustedcurrent_word:antony next_word:berry
prev_suf:stcur_suf:inprev_word:interestcurrent_word:margin next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:tsprev_word:thecurrent_word:wish-lists next_word:of
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:stprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:seafirst next_word:and
prev_suf:hecur_suf:enprev_word:thecurrent_word:sudden next_word:``
prev_suf:lycur_suf:lyprev_word:extremelycurrent_word:dangerously next_word:poised
prev_suf:bycur_suf:ngprev_word:bycurrent_word:bargain-hunting next_word:.
prev_suf:ercur_suf:lyprev_word:sluggercurrent_word:wisely next_word:offered
prev_suf:ptcur_suf:ntprev_word:adoptcurrent_word:different next_word:british
prev_suf:gecur_suf:atprev_word:judgecurrent_word:pat next_word:wald
prev_suf:mecur_suf:shprev_word:samecurrent_word:harsh next_word:economic-restructuring
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:orprev_word:newcurrent_word:doctor next_word:'s
prev_suf:chcur_suf:ayprev_word:whichcurrent_word:pay next_word:if
prev_suf:hecur_suf:meprev_word:thecurrent_word:same next_word:period
prev_suf:cycur_suf:chprev_word:policycurrent_word:speech next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:naprev_word:,current_word:dayna next_word:brunsdon
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:arecurrent_word:struggling next_word:to
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:stprev_word:andcurrent_word:essayist next_word:,
prev_suf:edcur_suf:tsprev_word:leveragedcurrent_word:buy-outs next_word:of
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ilprev_word:'scurrent_word:oil next_word:company
prev_suf:tocur_suf:stprev_word:tocurrent_word:assist next_word:its
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ngprev_word:consideredcurrent_word:running next_word:pell-mell
prev_suf:etcur_suf:enprev_word:marketcurrent_word:driven next_word:primarily
prev_suf:,cur_suf:lyprev_word:,current_word:largely next_word:because
prev_suf:lycur_suf:esprev_word:normallycurrent_word:convenes next_word:only
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:lyprev_word:spentcurrent_word:roughly next_word:equivalent
prev_suf:tecur_suf:esprev_word:variable-ratecurrent_word:mortgages next_word:depressed
prev_suf:lpcur_suf:veprev_word:helpcurrent_word:solve next_word:the
prev_suf:stcur_suf:ngprev_word:modestcurrent_word:easing next_word:fears
prev_suf:kacur_suf:psprev_word:afrikacurrent_word:korps next_word:''
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:gates next_word:.
prev_suf:alcur_suf:csprev_word:nationalcurrent_word:toxics next_word:campaign
prev_suf:thcur_suf:ngprev_word:withcurrent_word:overseeing next_word:the
prev_suf:lecur_suf:orprev_word:hostilecurrent_word:suitor next_word:for
prev_suf:fycur_suf:rsprev_word:intensifycurrent_word:fears next_word:of
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ngprev_word:ofcurrent_word:fueling next_word:panic
prev_suf:ancur_suf:onprev_word:deancurrent_word:lebaron next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:o.prev_word:,current_word:mo. next_word::
prev_suf:incur_suf:esprev_word:incurrent_word:multiples next_word:of
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ldprev_word:,current_word:mcdonald next_word:'s
prev_suf:atcur_suf:4prev_word:atcurrent_word:4 next_word:was
prev_suf:ancur_suf:veprev_word:ancurrent_word:extensive next_word:and
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:s.prev_word:battingcurrent_word:nos. next_word:6
prev_suf:oncur_suf:edprev_word:washingtoncurrent_word:d.c.-based next_word:conservative
prev_suf:encur_suf:elprev_word:stephencurrent_word:boesel next_word:,
prev_suf:p.cur_suf:nsprev_word:p.current_word:simmons next_word:said
prev_suf:acur_suf:omprev_word:acurrent_word:mom next_word:and
prev_suf:atcur_suf:cyprev_word:thatcurrent_word:secrecy next_word:leads
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:werecurrent_word:disappointed next_word:because
prev_suf:iscur_suf:edprev_word:hiscurrent_word:split-fingered next_word:fastball
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:erprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:knight-ridder next_word:closed
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:esprev_word:andcurrent_word:serves next_word:as
prev_suf:eycur_suf:veprev_word:theycurrent_word:'ve next_word:always
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:erprev_word:ofcurrent_word:either next_word:domestically
prev_suf:ercur_suf:rsprev_word:aftercurrent_word:retailers next_word:noticed
prev_suf:socur_suf:edprev_word:alsocurrent_word:served next_word:allowing
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:rgprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:pittsburg next_word:,
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:seprev_word:couldcurrent_word:erase next_word:shareholders
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ssprev_word:thecurrent_word:gross next_word:national
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:isprev_word:bluntcurrent_word:ellis next_word:loewi
prev_suf:tocur_suf:rmprev_word:tocurrent_word:confirm next_word:the
prev_suf:encur_suf:alprev_word:beencurrent_word:critical next_word:of
prev_suf:oncur_suf:rtprev_word:stephensoncurrent_word:newport next_word:news
prev_suf:incur_suf:teprev_word:incurrent_word:moderate next_word:levels
prev_suf:secur_suf:rsprev_word:becausecurrent_word:underwriters next_word:.
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:dsprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:seconds next_word:later
prev_suf:kscur_suf:chprev_word:markscurrent_word:each next_word:one
prev_suf:(cur_suf:leprev_word:(current_word:notable next_word:&
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:broker next_word:for
prev_suf:--cur_suf:lyprev_word:--current_word:notably next_word:absent
prev_suf:recur_suf:enprev_word:werecurrent_word:broken next_word:out
prev_suf:escur_suf:edprev_word:makescurrent_word:budget-priced next_word:apparel
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:manufacturer next_word:went
prev_suf:bycur_suf:nsprev_word:bycurrent_word:regulations next_word:that
prev_suf:atcur_suf:45prev_word:atcurrent_word:845 next_word:pence
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.8prev_word:$current_word:462.8 next_word:million
prev_suf:thcur_suf:ntprev_word:withcurrent_word:alliant next_word:said
prev_suf:lycur_suf:leprev_word:fullycurrent_word:capable next_word:of
prev_suf:alcur_suf:esprev_word:ideologicalcurrent_word:soulmates next_word:jeremy
prev_suf:acur_suf:alprev_word:acurrent_word:practical next_word:matter
prev_suf:ancur_suf:neprev_word:ancurrent_word:airline next_word:routes
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ngprev_word:'scurrent_word:mounting next_word:problems
prev_suf:ftcur_suf:edprev_word:leftcurrent_word:mixed next_word:signals
prev_suf:acur_suf:alprev_word:acurrent_word:provisional next_word:0.4
prev_suf:incur_suf:adprev_word:incurrent_word:road next_word:projects
prev_suf:edcur_suf:lyprev_word:performedcurrent_word:quietly next_word:,
prev_suf:mecur_suf:unprev_word:somecurrent_word:short-run next_word:twists
prev_suf:elcur_suf:deprev_word:cornelcurrent_word:wilde next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:30prev_word:,current_word:4:30 next_word:a.m.
prev_suf:acur_suf:veprev_word:acurrent_word:decisive next_word:5-1
prev_suf:hecur_suf:otprev_word:thecurrent_word:downshoot next_word:is
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:wiping next_word:out
prev_suf:thcur_suf:.9prev_word:withcurrent_word:473.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:,cur_suf:onprev_word:,current_word:benton next_word:harbor
prev_suf:ascur_suf:tsprev_word:ascurrent_word:solvents next_word:,
prev_suf:decur_suf:nsprev_word:dioxidecurrent_word:emissions next_word:by
prev_suf:etcur_suf:epprev_word:feetcurrent_word:deep next_word:;
prev_suf:tecur_suf:owprev_word:institutecurrent_word:fellow next_word:defendants
prev_suf:tocur_suf:leprev_word:tocurrent_word:file next_word:preliminary
prev_suf:tecur_suf:lmprev_word:black-and-whitecurrent_word:film next_word:more
prev_suf:tocur_suf:llprev_word:tocurrent_word:fill next_word:out
prev_suf:edcur_suf:inprev_word:scheduledcurrent_word:again next_word:in
prev_suf:omcur_suf:ngprev_word:fromcurrent_word:retiring next_word:the
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:elprev_word:non-strikingcurrent_word:personnel next_word:.
prev_suf:ilcur_suf:ldprev_word:oilcurrent_word:field next_word:,
prev_suf:(cur_suf:eyprev_word:(current_word:hey next_word:,
prev_suf:1cur_suf:arprev_word:1current_word:million-a-year next_word:chief
prev_suf:thcur_suf:tsprev_word:withcurrent_word:students next_word:.
prev_suf:secur_suf:ntprev_word:thesecurrent_word:important next_word:step
prev_suf:$cur_suf:88prev_word:$current_word:488 next_word:million
prev_suf:tocur_suf:leprev_word:tocurrent_word:tackle next_word:that
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:leprev_word:andcurrent_word:equitable next_word:gas
prev_suf:adcur_suf:tsprev_word:badcurrent_word:assets next_word:.
prev_suf:tocur_suf:adprev_word:tocurrent_word:unload next_word:u.s.
prev_suf:t.cur_suf:neprev_word:t.current_word:boone next_word:pickens
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:resolution next_word:trust
prev_suf:gscur_suf:ntprev_word:earningscurrent_word:represent next_word:a
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:esprev_word:andcurrent_word:colleges next_word:,
prev_suf:s.cur_suf:arprev_word:u.s.current_word:dollar next_word:,
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ngprev_word:ancurrent_word:ever-narrowing next_word:loss
prev_suf:oncur_suf:veprev_word:millioncurrent_word:cooperative next_word:ad
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ksprev_word:ofcurrent_word:talks next_word:with
prev_suf:urcur_suf:enprev_word:ourcurrent_word:children next_word:'s
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ntprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:reluctant next_word:advertisers
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:decade-long next_word:civil
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ngprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:enjoying next_word:a
prev_suf:ercur_suf:umprev_word:takeovercurrent_word:premium next_word:products
prev_suf:acur_suf:eeprev_word:acurrent_word:carefree next_word:,
prev_suf:ancur_suf:erprev_word:deancurrent_word:witter next_word:reynolds
prev_suf:necur_suf:chprev_word:chlorinecurrent_word:bleach next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ceprev_word:thecurrent_word:difference next_word:between
prev_suf:ascur_suf:.3prev_word:wascurrent_word:959.3 next_word:million
prev_suf:encur_suf:ngprev_word:thencurrent_word:washing next_word:its
prev_suf:chcur_suf:typrev_word:whichcurrent_word:celebrity next_word:endorsers
prev_suf:--cur_suf:sjprev_word:--current_word:wsj next_word:oct.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:leprev_word:thecurrent_word:applicable next_word:requirements
prev_suf:,cur_suf:05prev_word:,current_word:941-105 next_word:.
prev_suf:98cur_suf:32prev_word:98current_word:26\*slash*32 next_word:to
prev_suf:hecur_suf:chprev_word:thecurrent_word:wedtech next_word:scandal
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:nonperforming next_word:loans
prev_suf:hecur_suf:roprev_word:thecurrent_word:zero next_word:homers
prev_suf:urcur_suf:t.prev_word:yourcurrent_word:sept. next_word:30
prev_suf:alcur_suf:veprev_word:internationalcurrent_word:perspective next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:erprev_word:andcurrent_word:lawyer next_word:.
prev_suf:epcur_suf:erprev_word:stepcurrent_word:further next_word:reinforces
prev_suf:kscur_suf:odprev_word:stockscurrent_word:stood next_word:at
prev_suf:recur_suf:icprev_word:morecurrent_word:public next_word:in
prev_suf:ascur_suf:ngprev_word:wascurrent_word:operating next_word:officer
prev_suf:hycur_suf:esprev_word:mcclatchycurrent_word:publishes next_word:the
prev_suf:,cur_suf:erprev_word:,current_word:publisher next_word:and
prev_suf:iscur_suf:chprev_word:hiscurrent_word:search next_word:for
prev_suf:eycur_suf:onprev_word:jerseycurrent_word:division next_word:.
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:rtprev_word:newcurrent_word:airport next_word:,
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:published next_word:in
prev_suf:atcur_suf:zeprev_word:thatcurrent_word:specialize next_word:in
prev_suf:hecur_suf:dsprev_word:thecurrent_word:skids next_word:.
prev_suf:sscur_suf:itprev_word:masscurrent_word:transit next_word:would
prev_suf:thcur_suf:caprev_word:southcurrent_word:africa next_word:and
prev_suf:$cur_suf:25prev_word:$current_word:3.125 next_word:at
prev_suf:omcur_suf:onprev_word:fromcurrent_word:extinction next_word:.
prev_suf:ercur_suf:edprev_word:officercurrent_word:armed next_word:with
prev_suf:iscur_suf:edprev_word:iscurrent_word:47%-controlled next_word:by
prev_suf:atcur_suf:onprev_word:atcurrent_word:donaldson next_word:'s
prev_suf:'scur_suf:rsprev_word:'scurrent_word:shareholders next_word:'
prev_suf:ulcur_suf:yeprev_word:watchfulcurrent_word:eye next_word:that
prev_suf:escur_suf:woprev_word:averagescurrent_word:two next_word:companies
prev_suf:acur_suf:89prev_word:acurrent_word:0.89 next_word:%
prev_suf:$cur_suf:00prev_word:$current_word:361,000 next_word:,
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ngprev_word:itscurrent_word:controlling next_word:family
prev_suf:nycur_suf:arprev_word:anycurrent_word:particular next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:neprev_word:tocurrent_word:none next_word:of
prev_suf:rycur_suf:urprev_word:everycurrent_word:hour next_word:because
prev_suf:uscur_suf:inprev_word:obviouscurrent_word:strain next_word:,
prev_suf:acur_suf:ltprev_word:acurrent_word:roosevelt next_word:administration
prev_suf:socur_suf:inprev_word:alsocurrent_word:remain next_word:on
prev_suf:nocur_suf:ngprev_word:nocurrent_word:pressing next_word:need
prev_suf:thcur_suf:tsprev_word:withcurrent_word:halts next_word:in
prev_suf:adcur_suf:esprev_word:adcurrent_word:strategies next_word:in
prev_suf:tycur_suf:erprev_word:third-partycurrent_word:purchaser next_word:in
prev_suf:ercur_suf:esprev_word:consumercurrent_word:purchases next_word:during
prev_suf:ctcur_suf:rdprev_word:expectcurrent_word:ford next_word:and
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:edprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:synchronized next_word:circuit
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:enprev_word:andcurrent_word:salesmen next_word:traded
prev_suf:hecur_suf:htprev_word:thecurrent_word:onslaught next_word:of
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:leprev_word:ofcurrent_word:ibm-compatible next_word:personal
prev_suf:acur_suf:reprev_word:acurrent_word:share next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:rtprev_word:andcurrent_word:wal-mart next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:umprev_word:thecurrent_word:minimum next_word:unit
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:rsprev_word:ofcurrent_word:numbers next_word:both
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:purchased next_word:since
prev_suf:acur_suf:rpprev_word:acurrent_word:sharp next_word:contrast
prev_suf:llcur_suf:onprev_word:billcurrent_word:robinson next_word:for
prev_suf:lycur_suf:!prev_word:rallycurrent_word:! next_word:''
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:dsprev_word:anythingcurrent_word:needs next_word:the
prev_suf:98cur_suf:32prev_word:98current_word:4\*slash*32 next_word:,
prev_suf:etcur_suf:tsprev_word:marketcurrent_word:acts next_word:healthy
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:irprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:stir next_word:much
prev_suf:atcur_suf:ngprev_word:thatcurrent_word:slackening next_word:demand
prev_suf:atcur_suf:arprev_word:atcurrent_word:par next_word:)
prev_suf:upcur_suf:ngprev_word:upcurrent_word:coming next_word:weekend
prev_suf:incur_suf:seprev_word:incurrent_word:response next_word:to
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:arecurrent_word:crowded next_word:market
prev_suf:alcur_suf:typrev_word:fiscalcurrent_word:responsibility next_word:.
prev_suf:eycur_suf:keprev_word:jerseycurrent_word:turnpike next_word:authority
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:playing next_word:cards
prev_suf:escur_suf:edprev_word:issuescurrent_word:swamped next_word:advancers
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ckprev_word:thecurrent_word:setback next_word:,
prev_suf:alcur_suf:lsprev_word:federalcurrent_word:appeals next_word:court
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ghprev_word:raisedcurrent_word:through next_word:the
prev_suf:ancur_suf:erprev_word:cancurrent_word:suffer next_word:liquidity
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:24prev_word:andcurrent_word:24 next_word:are
prev_suf:orcur_suf:25prev_word:forcurrent_word:25 next_word:a
prev_suf:$cur_suf:26prev_word:$current_word:26 next_word:cents
prev_suf:nkcur_suf:27prev_word:sankcurrent_word:27 next_word:points
prev_suf:$cur_suf:20prev_word:$current_word:20 next_word:stocks
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:21prev_word:grewcurrent_word:21 next_word:%
prev_suf:incur_suf:22prev_word:incurrent_word:22 next_word:under
prev_suf:orcur_suf:23prev_word:orcurrent_word:23 next_word:%
prev_suf:tscur_suf:esprev_word:itscurrent_word:energies next_word:in
prev_suf:acur_suf:28prev_word:acurrent_word:28 next_word:%
prev_suf:(cur_suf:29prev_word:(current_word:29 next_word:per-share
prev_suf:oocur_suf:teprev_word:toocurrent_word:late next_word:at
prev_suf:eycur_suf:edprev_word:theycurrent_word:detected next_word:no
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:rsprev_word:ofcurrent_word:reuters next_word:,
prev_suf:r.cur_suf:ndprev_word:mr.current_word:freund next_word:,
prev_suf:acur_suf:odprev_word:acurrent_word:good next_word:will
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:seeking next_word:to
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:encouraging next_word:was
prev_suf:edcur_suf:lsprev_word:paintedcurrent_word:walls next_word:,
prev_suf:o.cur_suf:edprev_word:co.current_word:stepped next_word:in
prev_suf:ancur_suf:onprev_word:loancurrent_word:association next_word:(
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:orderlycurrent_word:groped next_word:to
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.6prev_word:$current_word:65.6 next_word:million
prev_suf:incur_suf:iaprev_word:incurrent_word:namibia next_word:.
prev_suf:edcur_suf:tsprev_word:unitedcurrent_word:biscuits next_word:agreed
prev_suf:lecur_suf:rmprev_word:considerablecurrent_word:harm next_word:.
prev_suf:utcur_suf:neprev_word:aboutcurrent_word:everyone next_word:was
prev_suf:jacur_suf:oeprev_word:sonjacurrent_word:steptoe next_word:contributed
prev_suf:hecur_suf:seprev_word:thecurrent_word:house next_word:said
prev_suf:ercur_suf:gyprev_word:offercurrent_word:energy next_word:closed
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:rdprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:hard next_word:hit
prev_suf:thcur_suf:esprev_word:judithcurrent_word:ganes next_word:,
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:extended next_word:its
prev_suf:incur_suf:ndprev_word:incurrent_word:portland next_word:,
prev_suf:incur_suf:phprev_word:incurrent_word:randolph next_word:,
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ceprev_word:unioncurrent_word:insurance next_word:industry
prev_suf:chcur_suf:esprev_word:suchcurrent_word:initiatives next_word:as
prev_suf:''cur_suf:ngprev_word:''current_word:funding next_word:and
prev_suf:sncur_suf:a.prev_word:bsncurrent_word:s.a. next_word:,
prev_suf:elcur_suf:.bprev_word:birkelcurrent_word:g.m.b next_word:.
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:arecurrent_word:outpacing next_word:growth
prev_suf:$cur_suf:75prev_word:$current_word:1.75 next_word:.
prev_suf:bycur_suf:ngprev_word:bycurrent_word:acting next_word:under
prev_suf:$cur_suf:70prev_word:$current_word:1.70 next_word:a
prev_suf:escur_suf:ntprev_word:companiescurrent_word:print next_word:today
prev_suf:acur_suf:geprev_word:acurrent_word:three-judge next_word:appeals
prev_suf:acur_suf:typrev_word:acurrent_word:third-party next_word:purchaser
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ceprev_word:,current_word:lawrence next_word:kudlow
prev_suf:orcur_suf:esprev_word:orcurrent_word:recoveries next_word:.
prev_suf:socur_suf:edprev_word:socurrent_word:geared next_word:to
prev_suf:nycur_suf:ryprev_word:anycurrent_word:extraordinary next_word:items
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:rated next_word:by
prev_suf:hecur_suf:miprev_word:thecurrent_word:mmi next_word:has
prev_suf:00cur_suf:32prev_word:100current_word:3\*slash*32 next_word:for
prev_suf:alcur_suf:rsprev_word:influentialcurrent_word:members next_word:remain
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:hascurrent_word:backed next_word:by
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:beginning next_word:was
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:rsprev_word:promptingcurrent_word:cheers next_word:on
prev_suf:recur_suf:tsprev_word:day-carecurrent_word:benefits next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:esprev_word:furthercurrent_word:reinforces next_word:the
prev_suf:ascur_suf:esprev_word:ascurrent_word:mcvities next_word:biscuits
prev_suf:tscur_suf:rsprev_word:itscurrent_word:computers next_word:have
prev_suf:recur_suf:onprev_word:merecurrent_word:diversion next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:hecurrent_word:noted next_word:that
prev_suf:rncur_suf:tsprev_word:warncurrent_word:pilots next_word:that
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:erprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:copper next_word:inventories
prev_suf:edcur_suf:01prev_word:narrowedcurrent_word:0.01 next_word:percentage
prev_suf:atcur_suf:edprev_word:thatcurrent_word:netted next_word:applied
prev_suf:encur_suf:neprev_word:beencurrent_word:done next_word:anything
prev_suf:bycur_suf:awprev_word:bycurrent_word:mccaw next_word:would
prev_suf:utcur_suf:05prev_word:aboutcurrent_word:0.05 next_word:percentage
prev_suf:orcur_suf:erprev_word:forcurrent_word:smoother next_word:,
prev_suf:atcur_suf:stprev_word:atcurrent_word:least next_word:120,000
prev_suf:%cur_suf:80prev_word:%current_word:180 next_word:million
prev_suf:fecur_suf:onprev_word:lifecurrent_word:assumption next_word:of
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ntprev_word:'scurrent_word:statement next_word:,
prev_suf:stcur_suf:esprev_word:interestcurrent_word:rates next_word:,
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:itprev_word:investmentcurrent_word:conduit next_word:issues
prev_suf:stcur_suf:reprev_word:mustcurrent_word:pare next_word:its
prev_suf:tecur_suf:omprev_word:completecurrent_word:darkroom next_word:starter
prev_suf:vecur_suf:ssprev_word:givecurrent_word:sales-loss next_word:aid
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:rkprev_word:candlestickcurrent_word:park next_word:ridge
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:fcprev_word:ofcurrent_word:cfc next_word:use
prev_suf:acur_suf:leprev_word:acurrent_word:sizable next_word:chunk
prev_suf:odcur_suf:rtprev_word:goodcurrent_word:part next_word:of
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:leprev_word:fewcurrent_word:favorable next_word:western
prev_suf:tocur_suf:veprev_word:tocurrent_word:believe next_word:the
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ayprev_word:'scurrent_word:four-day next_word:closure
prev_suf:hecur_suf:geprev_word:thecurrent_word:carnage next_word:on
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:27prev_word:ofcurrent_word:2027 next_word:was
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ryprev_word:,current_word:contrary next_word:to
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:23prev_word:ofcurrent_word:2023 next_word:was
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:hascurrent_word:idled next_word:about
prev_suf:cecur_suf:g.prev_word:sincecurrent_word:aug. next_word:31
prev_suf:#cur_suf:49prev_word:#current_word:18.49 next_word:million
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ndprev_word:francoiscurrent_word:mitterrand next_word:fought
prev_suf:okcur_suf:rsprev_word:tookcurrent_word:three-quarters next_word:of
prev_suf:ercur_suf:wnprev_word:anothercurrent_word:meltdown next_word:in
prev_suf:s.cur_suf:msprev_word:bros.current_word:confirms next_word:that
prev_suf:idcur_suf:rsprev_word:saidcurrent_word:orders next_word:piled
prev_suf:umcur_suf:ltprev_word:premiumcurrent_word:built next_word:up
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:evprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:gorbachev next_word:blamed
prev_suf:hecur_suf:etprev_word:thecurrent_word:onset next_word:of
prev_suf:acur_suf:typrev_word:acurrent_word:majority next_word:whip
prev_suf:rscur_suf:ldprev_word:memberscurrent_word:build next_word:fewer
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:alprev_word:makingcurrent_word:electro-optical next_word:and
prev_suf:mycur_suf:inprev_word:jeremycurrent_word:rifkin next_word:and
prev_suf:hecur_suf:rsprev_word:thecurrent_word:programmers next_word:``
prev_suf:iccur_suf:onprev_word:pacificcurrent_word:salmon next_word:and
prev_suf:'scur_suf:stprev_word:'scurrent_word:most next_word:of
prev_suf:acur_suf:ntprev_word:acurrent_word:significant next_word:gains
prev_suf:oncur_suf:esprev_word:informationcurrent_word:services next_word:in
prev_suf:..cur_suf:lyprev_word:...current_word:extremely next_word:well
prev_suf:wncur_suf:56prev_word:downcurrent_word:203.56 next_word:points
prev_suf:tocur_suf:onprev_word:tocurrent_word:mediation next_word:.
prev_suf:incur_suf:inprev_word:incurrent_word:liechtenstein next_word:'s
prev_suf:,cur_suf:a.prev_word:,current_word:pa. next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ghprev_word:tocurrent_word:weigh next_word:heavily
prev_suf:nocur_suf:orprev_word:nocurrent_word:sector next_word:.
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:asprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:thomas next_word:g.
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:lyprev_word:soundingcurrent_word:particularly next_word:caught
prev_suf:pocur_suf:lsprev_word:swapocurrent_word:rebels next_word:were
prev_suf:alcur_suf:nsprev_word:totalcurrent_word:obligations next_word:through
prev_suf:omcur_suf:ngprev_word:fromcurrent_word:swelling next_word:the
prev_suf:becur_suf:ngprev_word:becurrent_word:hugging next_word:the
prev_suf:necur_suf:esprev_word:cellular-telephonecurrent_word:businesses next_word:will
prev_suf:stcur_suf:neprev_word:justcurrent_word:fine next_word:crystal
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ndprev_word:tocurrent_word:find next_word:buy
prev_suf:ircur_suf:neprev_word:theircurrent_word:cellular-telephone next_word:businesses
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ntprev_word:marveledcurrent_word:giant next_word:partly
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:edprev_word:longcurrent_word:depended next_word:on
prev_suf:vecur_suf:erprev_word:excessivecurrent_word:merger next_word:will
prev_suf:dycur_suf:usprev_word:everybodycurrent_word:nervous next_word:and
prev_suf:rmcur_suf:msprev_word:short-termcurrent_word:cataclysms next_word:are
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:face-saving next_word:concession
prev_suf:iccur_suf:msprev_word:democraticcurrent_word:freedoms next_word:,
prev_suf:atcur_suf:eyprev_word:thatcurrent_word:money next_word:manager
prev_suf:tocur_suf:deprev_word:tocurrent_word:override next_word:its
prev_suf:sscur_suf:leprev_word:lesscurrent_word:volatile next_word:.
prev_suf:vecur_suf:edprev_word:havecurrent_word:merged next_word:its
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:batted next_word:in
prev_suf:alcur_suf:tsprev_word:capitalcurrent_word:adjustments next_word:.
prev_suf:escur_suf:enprev_word:jamescurrent_word:batten next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ssprev_word:tocurrent_word:express next_word:co.
prev_suf:wncur_suf:32prev_word:downcurrent_word:27\*slash*32 next_word:at
prev_suf:s.cur_suf:seprev_word:u.s.current_word:merchandise next_word:trade
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:twiggy-looking next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:veprev_word:tocurrent_word:resolve next_word:to
prev_suf:ancur_suf:edprev_word:thancurrent_word:doubled next_word:.
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:thprev_word:newcurrent_word:six-month next_word:bills
prev_suf:'scur_suf:onprev_word:'scurrent_word:common next_word:stock
prev_suf:$cur_suf:75prev_word:$current_word:9.375 next_word:.
prev_suf:chcur_suf:ayprev_word:muchcurrent_word:leeway next_word:in
prev_suf:ascur_suf:alprev_word:ascurrent_word:individual next_word:markets
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:tender next_word:offer
prev_suf:hocur_suf:edprev_word:whocurrent_word:feared next_word:a
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.3prev_word:$current_word:261.3 next_word:million
prev_suf:ancur_suf:rtprev_word:ancurrent_word:expert next_word:on
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:alprev_word:investigatingcurrent_word:electoral next_word:intimidation
prev_suf:edcur_suf:atprev_word:alfredcurrent_word:debat next_word:of
prev_suf:mecur_suf:nsprev_word:homecurrent_word:fans next_word:,
prev_suf:hocur_suf:teprev_word:whocurrent_word:donate next_word:money
prev_suf:hecur_suf:amprev_word:thecurrent_word:home-team next_word:oakland
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:dsprev_word:andcurrent_word:dividends next_word:on
prev_suf:escur_suf:ftprev_word:hughescurrent_word:aircraft next_word:co.
prev_suf:tscur_suf:edprev_word:itscurrent_word:plutonium-powered next_word:galileo
prev_suf:acur_suf:meprev_word:acurrent_word:full-time next_word:job
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:00prev_word:ofcurrent_word:416,290,000 next_word:shares
prev_suf:tecur_suf:nsprev_word:senatecurrent_word:appropriations next_word:committees
prev_suf:thcur_suf:alprev_word:withcurrent_word:annual next_word:sales
prev_suf:acur_suf:gnprev_word:acurrent_word:foreign next_word:stocks
prev_suf:,cur_suf:reprev_word:,current_word:baltimore next_word:,
prev_suf:;cur_suf:75prev_word:;current_word:7.875 next_word:%
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ntprev_word:thiscurrent_word:point next_word:and
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:recycling next_word:center
prev_suf:hecur_suf:eeprev_word:thecurrent_word:tennessee next_word:valley
prev_suf:iscur_suf:lyprev_word:iscurrent_word:simply next_word:overbought
prev_suf:hecur_suf:wnprev_word:thecurrent_word:shutdown next_word:came
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:utprev_word:andcurrent_word:throughout next_word:1989
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:veprev_word:andcurrent_word:expensive next_word:in
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:umprev_word:andcurrent_word:platinum next_word:behaved
prev_suf:gscur_suf:v.prev_word:holdingscurrent_word:n.v. next_word:of
prev_suf:ancur_suf:seprev_word:cancurrent_word:raise next_word:1.2
prev_suf:tocur_suf:teprev_word:tocurrent_word:create next_word:a
prev_suf:tocur_suf:daprev_word:nobutocurrent_word:yasuda next_word:trust
prev_suf:ascur_suf:lyprev_word:hascurrent_word:faithfully next_word:foreshadowed
prev_suf:excur_suf:ngprev_word:indexcurrent_word:dropping next_word:12.8
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:meeting next_word:friday
prev_suf:ercur_suf:psprev_word:receivercurrent_word:slips next_word:should
prev_suf:orcur_suf:arprev_word:forcurrent_word:first-year next_word:wage
prev_suf:lecur_suf:asprev_word:equitablecurrent_word:gas next_word:concern
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:moderatelycurrent_word:priced next_word:at
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ndprev_word:tocurrent_word:understand next_word:dpc
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:prices next_word:for
prev_suf:``cur_suf:alprev_word:``current_word:evangelical next_word:''
prev_suf:acur_suf:anprev_word:acurrent_word:trojan next_word:horse
prev_suf:rycur_suf:chprev_word:terrycurrent_word:steinbach next_word:and
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:faithfullycurrent_word:foreshadowed next_word:the
prev_suf:hecur_suf:llprev_word:thecurrent_word:bill next_word:robinson
prev_suf:''cur_suf:nsprev_word:''current_word:elections next_word:.
prev_suf:ancur_suf:akprev_word:eastmancurrent_word:kodak next_word:is
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:morecurrent_word:deferred next_word:positions
prev_suf:ctcur_suf:edprev_word:effectcurrent_word:replaced next_word:.
prev_suf:llcur_suf:60prev_word:fellcurrent_word:180.60 next_word:to
prev_suf:s.cur_suf:lpprev_word:u.s.current_word:temporary-help next_word:market
prev_suf:thcur_suf:ryprev_word:12thcurrent_word:century next_word:...
prev_suf:75cur_suf:tsprev_word:75current_word:cents next_word:to
prev_suf:okcur_suf:lfprev_word:tookcurrent_word:itself next_word:.
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:lyprev_word:andcurrent_word:italy next_word:,
prev_suf:vecur_suf:edprev_word:havecurrent_word:proved next_word:little
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:ntprev_word:employmentcurrent_word:development next_word:(
prev_suf:orcur_suf:esprev_word:majorcurrent_word:currencies next_word:.
prev_suf:chcur_suf:esprev_word:whichcurrent_word:oversees next_word:$
prev_suf:dtcur_suf:ayprev_word:edtcurrent_word:yesterday next_word:at
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ksprev_word:tradingcurrent_word:desks next_word:and
prev_suf:vecur_suf:edprev_word:havecurrent_word:countersued next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ntprev_word:thecurrent_word:moment next_word:,
prev_suf:atcur_suf:seprev_word:thatcurrent_word:purpose next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:skprev_word:thecurrent_word:task next_word:forces
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:rules next_word:,
prev_suf:dycur_suf:ntprev_word:alreadycurrent_word:spent next_word:the
prev_suf:ancur_suf:awprev_word:cancurrent_word:withdraw next_word:from
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ssprev_word:thecurrent_word:swiss next_word:oil
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ryprev_word:'scurrent_word:entry next_word:in
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ndprev_word:tocurrent_word:spend next_word:$
prev_suf:atcur_suf:49prev_word:atcurrent_word:12:49 next_word:p.m
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:arprev_word:ofcurrent_word:one-year next_word:adjustable
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ndprev_word:plannedcurrent_word:junk-bond next_word:market
prev_suf:'scur_suf:unprev_word:'scurrent_word:three-run next_word:second
prev_suf:odcur_suf:peprev_word:goodcurrent_word:shape next_word:,
prev_suf:ascur_suf:lyprev_word:wascurrent_word:openly next_word:sympathetic
prev_suf:stcur_suf:veprev_word:bestcurrent_word:alternative next_word:,
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ngprev_word:ofcurrent_word:letting next_word:the
prev_suf:becur_suf:utprev_word:becurrent_word:cut next_word:consumption
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ceprev_word:majorcurrent_word:source next_word::
prev_suf:secur_suf:lyprev_word:housecurrent_word:deliberately next_word:killed
prev_suf:edcur_suf:omprev_word:publicizedcurrent_word:boardroom next_word:coup
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:igprev_word:fewcurrent_word:big next_word:board
prev_suf:s.cur_suf:ndprev_word:u.s.current_word:rebound next_word:as
prev_suf:oncur_suf:rsprev_word:oncurrent_word:matters next_word:worse
prev_suf:ancur_suf:emprev_word:cancurrent_word:redeem next_word:the
prev_suf:atcur_suf:rsprev_word:thatcurrent_word:foreigners next_word:would
prev_suf:lecur_suf:itprev_word:littlecurrent_word:bit next_word:''
prev_suf:oncur_suf:wsprev_word:ratificationcurrent_word:follows next_word:a
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ngprev_word:tocurrent_word:surging next_word:``
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ryprev_word:americancurrent_word:depositary next_word:receipts
prev_suf:rscur_suf:enprev_word:investorscurrent_word:often next_word:passed
prev_suf:iscur_suf:lyprev_word:iscurrent_word:absolutely next_word:killed
prev_suf:itcur_suf:ckprev_word:itcurrent_word:back next_word:strongly
prev_suf:acur_suf:onprev_word:acurrent_word:delegation next_word:of
prev_suf:'scur_suf:stprev_word:'scurrent_word:strongest next_word:economy
prev_suf:mrcur_suf:esprev_word:amrcurrent_word:examples next_word:as
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:scuttled next_word:because
prev_suf:thcur_suf:ngprev_word:withcurrent_word:lightning next_word:speed
prev_suf:,cur_suf:esprev_word:,current_word:ourselves next_word:rather
prev_suf:vecur_suf:leprev_word:massivecurrent_word:scale next_word:,
prev_suf:-0cur_suf:onprev_word:5-0current_word:decision next_word:of
prev_suf:25cur_suf:erprev_word:25current_word:per next_word:share
prev_suf:incur_suf:edprev_word:fromsteincurrent_word:solidified next_word:his
prev_suf:encur_suf:teprev_word:evencurrent_word:eliminate next_word:many
prev_suf:tocur_suf:egprev_word:tocurrent_word:peg next_word:the
prev_suf:aycur_suf:seprev_word:late-in-the-daycurrent_word:nose next_word:dive
prev_suf:tocur_suf:09prev_word:tocurrent_word:309 next_word:marks
prev_suf:atcur_suf:00prev_word:atcurrent_word:300 next_word:marks
prev_suf:acur_suf:edprev_word:acurrent_word:montreal-based next_word:maker
prev_suf:etcur_suf:ngprev_word:offsetcurrent_word:continuing next_word:drag
prev_suf:'scur_suf:20prev_word:'scurrent_word:7.20 next_word:%
prev_suf:racur_suf:elprev_word:sumatracurrent_word:oel next_word:g.m.b
prev_suf:tscur_suf:dsprev_word:itscurrent_word:goods next_word:by
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:saprev_word:advertisingcurrent_word:usa next_word:,
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:coprev_word:ofcurrent_word:pepsico next_word:inc.
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:erprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:pfizer next_word:,
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:s.prev_word:STARTcurrent_word:mrs. next_word:thatcher
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:bestseller next_word:,
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ceprev_word:ancurrent_word:ounce next_word:at
prev_suf:acur_suf:geprev_word:acurrent_word:142-page next_word:ad
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:erprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:retailer next_word:.
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:rsprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:nonperformers next_word:totaled
prev_suf:orcur_suf:.6prev_word:orcurrent_word:78.6 next_word:%
prev_suf:acur_suf:onprev_word:acurrent_word:lesson next_word:in
prev_suf:alcur_suf:cyprev_word:federalcurrent_word:bankruptcy next_word:code
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:multilayer next_word:plastic
prev_suf:$cur_suf:25prev_word:$current_word:44.125 next_word:.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:56prev_word:$current_word:1.56 next_word:billion
prev_suf:$cur_suf:55prev_word:$current_word:1.55 next_word:a
prev_suf:vecur_suf:rdprev_word:movecurrent_word:forward next_word:as
prev_suf:$cur_suf:58prev_word:$current_word:1.58 next_word:a
prev_suf:kecur_suf:hyprev_word:likecurrent_word:murphy next_word:'s
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:hoped next_word:to
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ysprev_word:thecurrent_word:boys next_word:entered
prev_suf:nycur_suf:esprev_word:anycurrent_word:hopes next_word:to
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ryprev_word:englandcurrent_word:subsidiary next_word:will
prev_suf:``cur_suf:keprev_word:``current_word:sheep-like next_word:''
prev_suf:wecur_suf:reprev_word:wecurrent_word:'re next_word:on
prev_suf:hecur_suf:veprev_word:thecurrent_word:groove next_word:,
prev_suf:iscur_suf:wiprev_word:elliscurrent_word:loewi next_word:in
prev_suf:aycur_suf:edprev_word:saycurrent_word:precipitated next_word:the
prev_suf:mecur_suf:rtprev_word:mecurrent_word:sort next_word:of
prev_suf:shcur_suf:owprev_word:cashcurrent_word:flow next_word:to
prev_suf:acur_suf:leprev_word:acurrent_word:single next_word:computer
prev_suf:llcur_suf:ilprev_word:willcurrent_word:prevail next_word:.
prev_suf:10cur_suf:%prev_word:10current_word:% next_word:rate
prev_suf:orcur_suf:esprev_word:majorcurrent_word:pesticides next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.9prev_word:$current_word:167.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:prepared next_word:today
prev_suf:tscur_suf:edprev_word:marketscurrent_word:rallied next_word:as
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:rsprev_word:andcurrent_word:bankers next_word:acceptances
prev_suf:uecur_suf:01prev_word:duecurrent_word:2001 next_word:for
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:renting next_word:automobiles
prev_suf:edcur_suf:reprev_word:subordinatedcurrent_word:debenture next_word:holders
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:00prev_word:ofcurrent_word:15,000 next_word:congressional
prev_suf:atcur_suf:psprev_word:thatcurrent_word:helps next_word:create
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:rdprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:waterford next_word:said
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ndprev_word:thecurrent_word:maryland next_word:department
prev_suf:racur_suf:ngprev_word:mracurrent_word:staffing next_word:systems
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ssprev_word:createdcurrent_word:nervousness next_word:.
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:orprev_word:andcurrent_word:proctor next_word:&
prev_suf:etcur_suf:edprev_word:marketcurrent_word:stabilized next_word:.
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ngprev_word:startedcurrent_word:putting next_word:aside
prev_suf:xtcur_suf:onprev_word:nextcurrent_word:surgeon next_word:general
prev_suf:itcur_suf:lyprev_word:hitcurrent_word:severely next_word:depressed
prev_suf:idcur_suf:elprev_word:saidcurrent_word:joel next_word:kazis
prev_suf:$cur_suf:20prev_word:$current_word:371.20 next_word:,
prev_suf:vecur_suf:laprev_word:representativecurrent_word:carla next_word:hills
prev_suf:upcur_suf:edprev_word:upcurrent_word:lower-priced next_word:shares
prev_suf:atcur_suf:onprev_word:greatcurrent_word:depression next_word:.
prev_suf:omcur_suf:icprev_word:fromcurrent_word:scientific next_word:reality
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:onprev_word:13-poundcurrent_word:reconciliation next_word:talks
prev_suf:alcur_suf:rsprev_word:congressionalcurrent_word:staffers next_word:explain
prev_suf:hecur_suf:goprev_word:thecurrent_word:chicago next_word:investor
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:ngprev_word:agreementcurrent_word:giving next_word:up
prev_suf:edcur_suf:esprev_word:computer-basedcurrent_word:practices next_word:vary
prev_suf:iecur_suf:raprev_word:lauriecurrent_word:dicara next_word:,
prev_suf:60cur_suf:orprev_word:i860current_word:microprocessor next_word:in
prev_suf:$cur_suf:75prev_word:$current_word:18.875 next_word:,
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:geprev_word:stockcurrent_word:exchange next_word:composite
prev_suf:alcur_suf:ngprev_word:financialcurrent_word:leveraging next_word:,
prev_suf:thcur_suf:ngprev_word:withcurrent_word:baring next_word:international
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ptprev_word:ancurrent_word:intercept next_word:'cause
prev_suf:atcur_suf:rsprev_word:thatcurrent_word:others next_word:interested
prev_suf:recur_suf:erprev_word:arecurrent_word:safer next_word:than
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:deprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:bode next_word:well
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:widening next_word:of
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:39prev_word:ofcurrent_word:39 next_word:)
prev_suf:tocur_suf:38prev_word:tocurrent_word:38 next_word:,
prev_suf:bycur_suf:33prev_word:bycurrent_word:33 next_word:%
prev_suf:$cur_suf:32prev_word:$current_word:32 next_word:cents
prev_suf:edcur_suf:31prev_word:advancedcurrent_word:31 next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:30prev_word:$current_word:30 next_word:,
prev_suf:edcur_suf:37prev_word:droppedcurrent_word:37 next_word:million
prev_suf:$cur_suf:36prev_word:$current_word:36 next_word:million
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:onprev_word:seemingcurrent_word:contradiction next_word:in
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:34prev_word:sellingcurrent_word:34 next_word:cents
prev_suf:tocur_suf:mbprev_word:tocurrent_word:climb next_word:instead
prev_suf:tscur_suf:erprev_word:itscurrent_word:fourth-quarter next_word:performance
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:named next_word:chief
prev_suf:llcur_suf:teprev_word:smallcurrent_word:private next_word:transactions
prev_suf:tocur_suf:seprev_word:tocurrent_word:decrease next_word:car
prev_suf:udcur_suf:alprev_word:hudcurrent_word:scandal next_word:.
prev_suf:ftcur_suf:nsprev_word:thriftcurrent_word:resolutions next_word:until
prev_suf:acur_suf:wnprev_word:acurrent_word:little-known next_word:indicator
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:lsprev_word:lubricantcurrent_word:oils next_word:,
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:butler next_word:,
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:esprev_word:divestingcurrent_word:themselves next_word:.
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:axprev_word:andcurrent_word:tax next_word:rate
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:83prev_word:STARTcurrent_word:9.83 next_word:%
prev_suf:ascur_suf:esprev_word:ascurrent_word:prizes next_word:.
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ngprev_word:ofcurrent_word:arranging next_word:peace
prev_suf:lecur_suf:nbprev_word:whilecurrent_word:ncnb next_word:'s
prev_suf:iscur_suf:edprev_word:iscurrent_word:billed next_word:as
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:onprev_word:andcurrent_word:subscription next_word:revenue
prev_suf:adcur_suf:ntprev_word:adcurrent_word:account next_word:manager
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:elprev_word:andcurrent_word:tunnel next_word:authority
prev_suf:encur_suf:onprev_word:thencurrent_word:exhilaration next_word:.
prev_suf:nycur_suf:usprev_word:anycurrent_word:obvious next_word:strain
prev_suf:escur_suf:alprev_word:jonescurrent_word:industrial next_word:average
prev_suf:encur_suf:ngprev_word:thencurrent_word:closing next_word:yesterday
prev_suf:,cur_suf:arprev_word:,current_word:second-year next_word:shortstop
prev_suf:ercur_suf:nsprev_word:blockbustercurrent_word:proportions next_word:yesterday
prev_suf:vecur_suf:edprev_word:havecurrent_word:reconstructed next_word:how
prev_suf:etcur_suf:lyprev_word:marketcurrent_word:effectively next_word:frozen
prev_suf:tocur_suf:esprev_word:tocurrent_word:reserves next_word:of
prev_suf:ercur_suf:lyprev_word:nevercurrent_word:overtly next_word:felt
prev_suf:rkcur_suf:veprev_word:yorkcurrent_word:native next_word:who
prev_suf:arcur_suf:esprev_word:10-yearcurrent_word:maturities next_word:.
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:cyprev_word:ofcurrent_word:democracy next_word:or
prev_suf:tccur_suf:dsprev_word:rtccurrent_word:holds next_word:a
prev_suf:rmcur_suf:fyprev_word:firmcurrent_word:solidify next_word:blue
prev_suf:ancur_suf:deprev_word:vancurrent_word:de next_word:kamp
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:iaprev_word:ofcurrent_word:leukemia next_word:...
prev_suf:nycur_suf:onprev_word:anycurrent_word:collection next_word:of
prev_suf:orcur_suf:reprev_word:forcurrent_word:leisure next_word:sales
prev_suf:necur_suf:esprev_word:phonecurrent_word:lines next_word:and
prev_suf:'scur_suf:efprev_word:'scurrent_word:chief next_word:executive
prev_suf:yscur_suf:ieprev_word:sayscurrent_word:laurie next_word:dicara
prev_suf:acur_suf:reprev_word:acurrent_word:cease-fire next_word:proposal
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:alprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:institutional next_word:investors
prev_suf:lscur_suf:seprev_word:commercialscurrent_word:in-house next_word:,
prev_suf:)cur_suf:nsprev_word:)current_word:cautions next_word:that
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:esprev_word:manufacturingcurrent_word:industries next_word:inc.
prev_suf:socur_suf:edprev_word:alsocurrent_word:negotiated next_word:an
prev_suf:escur_suf:orprev_word:posescurrent_word:labor next_word:regime
prev_suf:wncur_suf:31prev_word:downcurrent_word:6.31 next_word:to
prev_suf:becur_suf:ngprev_word:becurrent_word:willing next_word:to
prev_suf:atcur_suf:hiprev_word:atcurrent_word:yamaichi next_word:investment
prev_suf:adcur_suf:alprev_word:hadcurrent_word:criminal next_word:charges
prev_suf:ancur_suf:geprev_word:americancurrent_word:image next_word:as
prev_suf:thcur_suf:erprev_word:withcurrent_word:greater next_word:periods
prev_suf:ancur_suf:anprev_word:chairmancurrent_word:dan next_word:rostenkowski
prev_suf:efcur_suf:onprev_word:briefcurrent_word:mention next_word:at
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:teprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:mandate next_word:a
prev_suf:hecur_suf:axprev_word:thecurrent_word:dax next_word:had
prev_suf:acur_suf:ayprev_word:acurrent_word:day next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:nsprev_word:thecurrent_word:capital-gains next_word:tax
prev_suf:orcur_suf:tsprev_word:majorcurrent_word:airports next_word:this
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:llprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:thrill next_word:procter
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ngprev_word:andcurrent_word:profit-taking next_word:.
prev_suf:rccur_suf:l.prev_word:marccurrent_word:l. next_word:hauser
prev_suf:tycur_suf:edprev_word:partycurrent_word:warned next_word:that
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ngprev_word:aftercurrent_word:slipping next_word:below
prev_suf:bycur_suf:ayprev_word:bycurrent_word:safeway next_word:'s
prev_suf:atcur_suf:ntprev_word:thatcurrent_word:ever-present next_word:marching
prev_suf:mecur_suf:erprev_word:timecurrent_word:warner next_word:with
prev_suf:hecur_suf:00prev_word:thecurrent_word:3,000 next_word:hours
prev_suf:tocur_suf:rtprev_word:tocurrent_word:thwart next_word:his
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:programmed next_word:to
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ttprev_word:andcurrent_word:matt next_word:williams
prev_suf:64cur_suf:ckprev_word:64current_word:common-stock next_word:warrants
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:waprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:cwa next_word:represents
prev_suf:34cur_suf:ntprev_word:34current_word:insolvent next_word:s&ls
prev_suf:tocur_suf:neprev_word:tocurrent_word:postpone next_word:indefinitely
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:announced next_word:a
prev_suf:rmcur_suf:edprev_word:stormcurrent_word:approached next_word:texas
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:nkprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:frank next_word:lautenberg
prev_suf:tocur_suf:fyprev_word:tocurrent_word:clarify next_word:its
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:nzprev_word:donaldcurrent_word:franz next_word:of
prev_suf:rycur_suf:tsprev_word:depositarycurrent_word:receipts next_word:in
prev_suf:;cur_suf:erprev_word:;current_word:power-hitter next_word:mcgwire
prev_suf:iscur_suf:esprev_word:hiscurrent_word:allies next_word:may
prev_suf:arcur_suf:nsprev_word:bearcurrent_word:stearns next_word:posted
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:enprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:chicken next_word:will
prev_suf:ercur_suf:veprev_word:othercurrent_word:noncorrosive next_word:cleaners
prev_suf:rycur_suf:rsprev_word:regulatorycurrent_word:barriers next_word:should
prev_suf:llcur_suf:inprev_word:willcurrent_word:retain next_word:its
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ilprev_word:thecurrent_word:retail next_word:sales
prev_suf:edcur_suf:thprev_word:turnedcurrent_word:south next_word:africa
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:maprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:bancoklahoma next_word:'s
prev_suf:hecur_suf:rdprev_word:thecurrent_word:third next_word:quarter
prev_suf:``cur_suf:icprev_word:``current_word:strategic next_word:alternatives
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:tsprev_word:includingcurrent_word:improvements next_word:in
prev_suf:orcur_suf:leprev_word:majorcurrent_word:hurdle next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:reached next_word:about
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:reprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:pershare next_word:net
prev_suf:acur_suf:lyprev_word:acurrent_word:sadly next_word:predictable
prev_suf:ascur_suf:teprev_word:texascurrent_word:intermediate next_word:,
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:w.prev_word:jackcurrent_word:w. next_word:forrest
prev_suf:tocur_suf:arprev_word:tocurrent_word:gear next_word:,
prev_suf:ascur_suf:42prev_word:wascurrent_word:7.42 next_word:%
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:completed next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:reprev_word:tocurrent_word:acquire next_word:the
prev_suf:incur_suf:alprev_word:incurrent_word:environmental next_word:systems
prev_suf:lecur_suf:esprev_word:salecurrent_word:completes next_word:a
prev_suf:mecur_suf:gsprev_word:homecurrent_word:furnishings next_word:and
prev_suf:,cur_suf:enprev_word:,current_word:sweden next_word:'s
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:visited next_word:namibia
prev_suf:lecur_suf:.sprev_word:negotiablecurrent_word:c.d.s next_word:,
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:lfprev_word:ofcurrent_word:half next_word:the
prev_suf:``cur_suf:leprev_word:``current_word:comfortable next_word:''
prev_suf:lycur_suf:lyprev_word:highlycurrent_word:unlikely next_word:,
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:veprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:have next_word:marched
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.4prev_word:$current_word:38.4 next_word:million
prev_suf:alcur_suf:lyprev_word:upheavalcurrent_word:apparently next_word:to
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:edprev_word:ofcurrent_word:u.s.-based next_word:company
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:asprev_word:ofcurrent_word:dallas next_word:,
prev_suf:00cur_suf:reprev_word:400current_word:million-share next_word:capacity
prev_suf:incur_suf:idprev_word:incurrent_word:mid next_word:to
prev_suf:lecur_suf:veprev_word:littlecurrent_word:incentive next_word:for
prev_suf:$cur_suf:22prev_word:$current_word:322 next_word:million
prev_suf:$cur_suf:39prev_word:$current_word:1.39 next_word:billion
prev_suf:orcur_suf:nsprev_word:majorcurrent_word:concerns next_word:over
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:werecurrent_word:program-related next_word:,
prev_suf:llcur_suf:ldprev_word:fullcurrent_word:post-world next_word:war
prev_suf:$cur_suf:34prev_word:$current_word:1.34 next_word:billion
prev_suf:llcur_suf:byprev_word:billcurrent_word:cosby next_word:first
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ssprev_word:,current_word:unless next_word:there
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:early-morning next_word:fall
prev_suf:ercur_suf:tsprev_word:takeovercurrent_word:disappointments next_word:in
prev_suf:'cur_suf:-5prev_word:'current_word:3-4-5 next_word:hitters
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:htprev_word:andcurrent_word:eight next_word:black
prev_suf:lecur_suf:ryprev_word:filecurrent_word:preliminary next_word:steps
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:isprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:phyllis next_word:kyle
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ntprev_word:andcurrent_word:payment next_word:problems
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:usprev_word:leadingcurrent_word:gurus next_word:of
prev_suf:recur_suf:atprev_word:arecurrent_word:downbeat next_word:about
prev_suf:tocur_suf:erprev_word:tocurrent_word:gather next_word:collateral
prev_suf:edcur_suf:stprev_word:detailedcurrent_word:request next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:00prev_word:$current_word:1,000 next_word::
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:ngprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:plunking next_word:black-and-white
prev_suf:upcur_suf:lyprev_word:groupcurrent_word:normally next_word:convenes
prev_suf:ercur_suf:onprev_word:hercurrent_word:selection next_word:by
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ngprev_word:aftercurrent_word:absorbing next_word:the
prev_suf:p.cur_suf:esprev_word:rep.current_word:charles next_word:clough
prev_suf:efcur_suf:ioprev_word:chiefcurrent_word:portfolio next_word:over
prev_suf:$cur_suf:reprev_word:$current_word:20-a-share next_word:cash
prev_suf:incur_suf:thprev_word:incurrent_word:with next_word:a
prev_suf:vecur_suf:lsprev_word:counterproductivecurrent_word:controls next_word:and
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:communist next_word:officials
prev_suf:ascur_suf:lyprev_word:hascurrent_word:regularly next_word:advanced
prev_suf:necur_suf:hyprev_word:two-tonecurrent_word:photography next_word:'s
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:arprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:bear next_word:stearns
prev_suf:;cur_suf:25prev_word:;current_word:7.625 next_word:%
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ngprev_word:itscurrent_word:timing next_word:of
prev_suf:``cur_suf:asprev_word:``current_word:areas next_word:of
prev_suf:iscur_suf:edprev_word:iscurrent_word:unauthorized next_word:and
prev_suf:thcur_suf:msprev_word:bothcurrent_word:teams next_word:.
prev_suf:etcur_suf:esprev_word:marketcurrent_word:excesses next_word:of
prev_suf:tocur_suf:32prev_word:tocurrent_word:30\*slash*32 next_word:from
prev_suf:eecur_suf:onprev_word:mcnameecurrent_word:wcrs\*slash*boston next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:national next_word:over-the-counter
prev_suf:hecur_suf:rdprev_word:thecurrent_word:accord next_word:.
prev_suf:thcur_suf:ngprev_word:withcurrent_word:attempting next_word:to
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:rnprev_word:differentcurrent_word:pattern next_word:when
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:phprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:ralph next_word:lauren
prev_suf:chcur_suf:esprev_word:suchcurrent_word:difficulties next_word:in
prev_suf:incur_suf:usprev_word:wincurrent_word:health-conscious next_word:consumers
prev_suf:hecur_suf:keprev_word:thecurrent_word:joke next_word:t.
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:'recurrent_word:taking next_word:over
prev_suf:stcur_suf:alprev_word:almostcurrent_word:equal next_word:to
prev_suf:socur_suf:edprev_word:alsocurrent_word:attributed next_word:improved
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:reprev_word:growingcurrent_word:wholesale-store next_word:business
prev_suf:llcur_suf:imprev_word:allcurrent_word:swim next_word:in
prev_suf:omcur_suf:ngprev_word:fromcurrent_word:passing next_word:part
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ndprev_word:thecurrent_word:highland next_word:valley
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ntprev_word:forcurrent_word:comment next_word:.
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ntprev_word:informationcurrent_word:relevant next_word:to
prev_suf:vecur_suf:etprev_word:explosivecurrent_word:bond-market next_word:rally
prev_suf:secur_suf:rsprev_word:whosecurrent_word:backers next_word:include
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.1prev_word:$current_word:56.1 next_word:million
prev_suf:atcur_suf:.5prev_word:atcurrent_word:1601.5 next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:stprev_word:carecurrent_word:technologist next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ngprev_word:andcurrent_word:basing next_word:advancement
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ngprev_word:itscurrent_word:earning next_word:asset
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:adprev_word:newcurrent_word:ad next_word:for
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:rsprev_word:importantcurrent_word:indicators next_word:that
prev_suf:acur_suf:alprev_word:acurrent_word:proposal next_word:during
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ilprev_word:tocurrent_word:curtail next_word:use
prev_suf:dscur_suf:edprev_word:recommendscurrent_word:nonchlorinated next_word:dishwasher
prev_suf:iacur_suf:neprev_word:californiacurrent_word:define next_word:itself
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:finished next_word:at
prev_suf:acur_suf:alprev_word:acurrent_word:general next_word:electric
prev_suf:necur_suf:esprev_word:finecurrent_word:homes next_word:and
prev_suf:orcur_suf:anprev_word:directorcurrent_word:darman next_word:hopes
prev_suf:etcur_suf:ueprev_word:marketcurrent_word:value next_word:of
prev_suf:edcur_suf:alprev_word:shunnedcurrent_word:entrepreneurial next_word:companies
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:ensuing next_word:half
prev_suf:87cur_suf:edprev_word:1987current_word:revisited next_word:.
prev_suf:rycur_suf:ngprev_word:verycurrent_word:frustrating next_word:.
prev_suf:'scur_suf:onprev_word:'scurrent_word:late-afternoon next_word:chaos
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:backslapping next_word:and
prev_suf:ascur_suf:icprev_word:wascurrent_word:chaotic next_word:,
prev_suf:ascur_suf:esprev_word:ascurrent_word:hobbies next_word:have
prev_suf:elcur_suf:edprev_word:feelcurrent_word:respected next_word:say
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:tsprev_word:financingcurrent_word:arrangements next_word:.
prev_suf:'scur_suf:leprev_word:'scurrent_word:low-profile next_word:activities
prev_suf:atcur_suf:edprev_word:thatcurrent_word:claimed next_word:to
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:partner next_word:in
prev_suf:acur_suf:thprev_word:acurrent_word:nine-month next_word:period
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:onprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:shearson next_word:'s
prev_suf:socur_suf:edprev_word:alsocurrent_word:tumbled next_word:30
prev_suf:acur_suf:ulprev_word:acurrent_word:watchful next_word:eye
prev_suf:incur_suf:typrev_word:incurrent_word:productivity next_word:and
prev_suf:l.cur_suf:)prev_word:ill.current_word:) next_word:loan
prev_suf:shcur_suf:onprev_word:bushcurrent_word:administration next_word:officials
prev_suf:edcur_suf:32prev_word:endedcurrent_word:24\*slash*32 next_word:.
prev_suf:mrcur_suf:esprev_word:amrcurrent_word:tumbles next_word:,
prev_suf:iscur_suf:leprev_word:atlantiscurrent_word:shuttle next_word:atlantis
prev_suf:``cur_suf:usprev_word:``current_word:frivolous next_word:''
prev_suf:encur_suf:ngprev_word:beencurrent_word:reporting next_word:its
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:erprev_word:ofcurrent_word:non-manpower next_word:units
prev_suf:ircur_suf:ntprev_word:theircurrent_word:judgment next_word:.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:60prev_word:$current_word:9.60 next_word:.
prev_suf:encur_suf:iaprev_word:chosencurrent_word:antonia next_word:novello
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:center next_word:,
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ssprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:nevertheless next_word:,
prev_suf:thcur_suf:erprev_word:withcurrent_word:builder next_word:martin
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:overshadowed next_word:today
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ioprev_word:sancurrent_word:antonio next_word:,
prev_suf:ulcur_suf:htprev_word:carefulcurrent_word:thought next_word:that
prev_suf:thcur_suf:onprev_word:seventhcurrent_word:position next_word:in
prev_suf:hecur_suf:etprev_word:thecurrent_word:soviet next_word:union
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:usual next_word:the
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:esprev_word:departmentcurrent_word:stores next_word:under
prev_suf:,cur_suf:veprev_word:,current_word:executive next_word:officer
prev_suf:utcur_suf:icprev_word:outcurrent_word:domestic next_word:airline
prev_suf:ancur_suf:imprev_word:ancurrent_word:interim next_word:dividend
prev_suf:uscur_suf:tsprev_word:49,000-pluscurrent_word:seats next_word:in
prev_suf:hecur_suf:neprev_word:thecurrent_word:tone next_word:for
prev_suf:edcur_suf:thprev_word:grinnedcurrent_word:griffith next_word:peck
prev_suf:incur_suf:dtprev_word:incurrent_word:adt next_word:,
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:dsprev_word:newcurrent_word:ads next_word:include
prev_suf:tocur_suf:eeprev_word:tocurrent_word:flee next_word:to
prev_suf:acur_suf:keprev_word:acurrent_word:lake next_word:city
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:recommending next_word:products
prev_suf:$cur_suf:88prev_word:$current_word:288 next_word:million
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ddprev_word:tocurrent_word:add next_word:``
prev_suf:gecur_suf:enprev_word:averagecurrent_word:citizen next_word:is
prev_suf:$cur_suf:81prev_word:$current_word:281 next_word:million
prev_suf:tocur_suf:chprev_word:tocurrent_word:match next_word:the
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:resolved next_word:by
prev_suf:rdcur_suf:tsprev_word:storyboardcurrent_word:tests next_word:,
prev_suf:llcur_suf:dsprev_word:allcurrent_word:worlds next_word:.
prev_suf:nkcur_suf:leprev_word:frankcurrent_word:doyle next_word:.
prev_suf:excur_suf:51prev_word:indexcurrent_word:3393.51 next_word:,
prev_suf:alcur_suf:keprev_word:proposalcurrent_word:like next_word:they
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ssprev_word:thecurrent_word:success next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:neprev_word:thecurrent_word:ozone next_word:layer
prev_suf:ancur_suf:stprev_word:americancurrent_word:journalist next_word:'s
prev_suf:nocur_suf:edprev_word:nocurrent_word:heed next_word:,
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ksprev_word:advertisingcurrent_word:works next_word:and
prev_suf:acur_suf:ftprev_word:acurrent_word:soft next_word:.
prev_suf:llcur_suf:ngprev_word:willcurrent_word:arising next_word:from
prev_suf:hecur_suf:anprev_word:thecurrent_word:italian next_word:market
prev_suf:recur_suf:shprev_word:arecurrent_word:awash next_word:in
prev_suf:rycur_suf:typrev_word:secretarycurrent_word:authority next_word:on
prev_suf:llcur_suf:eyprev_word:willcurrent_word:convey next_word:a
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:proper next_word:amount
prev_suf:rncur_suf:stprev_word:yugoslav-borncurrent_word:novelist next_word:and
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:veprev_word:andcurrent_word:supportive next_word:for
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ngprev_word:itscurrent_word:parallel-computing next_word:technologies
prev_suf:ffcur_suf:25prev_word:offcurrent_word:0.25 next_word:;
prev_suf:tocur_suf:neprev_word:tocurrent_word:hurricane next_word:,
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:22prev_word:ofcurrent_word:0.22 next_word:cent
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:demonstratorscurrent_word:marched next_word:steadily
prev_suf:encur_suf:nsprev_word:chickencurrent_word:chains next_word:also
prev_suf:recur_suf:lyprev_word:morecurrent_word:thinly next_word:traded
prev_suf:acur_suf:seprev_word:acurrent_word:hose next_word:directly
prev_suf:acur_suf:stprev_word:acurrent_word:host next_word:of
prev_suf:tocur_suf:reprev_word:tocurrent_word:expire next_word:.
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ghprev_word:,current_word:although next_word:the
prev_suf:hecur_suf:kyprev_word:thecurrent_word:whacky next_word:save-the-earth
prev_suf:tocur_suf:nnprev_word:tocurrent_word:bidermann next_word:sells
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:elprev_word:dispute-settlementcurrent_word:panel next_word:of
prev_suf:recur_suf:utprev_word:'recurrent_word:about next_word:$
prev_suf:,cur_suf:alprev_word:,current_word:actual next_word:transactions
prev_suf:vecur_suf:dsprev_word:respectivecurrent_word:boards next_word:of
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:typrev_word:andcurrent_word:certainty next_word:to
prev_suf:lecur_suf:onprev_word:kylecurrent_word:stephenson next_word:newport
prev_suf:decur_suf:ntprev_word:includecurrent_word:over-allotment next_word:provisions
prev_suf:otcur_suf:rdprev_word:shotcurrent_word:upward next_word:in
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:suddenlycurrent_word:rebounded next_word:to
prev_suf:alcur_suf:odprev_word:internationalcurrent_word:brotherhood next_word:of
prev_suf:uecur_suf:nsprev_word:issuecurrent_word:billions next_word:in
prev_suf:,cur_suf:esprev_word:,current_word:lobbies next_word:.
prev_suf:incur_suf:86prev_word:incurrent_word:1986 next_word:and
prev_suf:hecur_suf:87prev_word:thecurrent_word:1987 next_word:,
prev_suf:cecur_suf:84prev_word:sincecurrent_word:1984 next_word:to
prev_suf:cecur_suf:85prev_word:sincecurrent_word:1985 next_word:.
prev_suf:rkcur_suf:geprev_word:parkcurrent_word:ridge next_word:,
prev_suf:cecur_suf:80prev_word:sincecurrent_word:1980 next_word:,
prev_suf:mscur_suf:edprev_word:firmscurrent_word:rushed next_word:out
prev_suf:ercur_suf:88prev_word:bettercurrent_word:1988 next_word:and
prev_suf:orcur_suf:89prev_word:forcurrent_word:1989 next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:biggest next_word:employment-services
prev_suf:dscur_suf:edprev_word:adscurrent_word:touted next_word:fidelity
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:ryprev_word:worldcurrent_word:ivory next_word:trade
prev_suf:tocur_suf:uyprev_word:tocurrent_word:buy next_word:some
prev_suf:htcur_suf:ndprev_word:sunlightcurrent_word:brand next_word:of
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:utprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:but next_word:mr.
prev_suf:tscur_suf:dsprev_word:marketscurrent_word:reminds next_word:me
prev_suf:;cur_suf:26prev_word:;current_word:8.26 next_word:%
prev_suf:;cur_suf:27prev_word:;current_word:8.27 next_word:%
prev_suf:;cur_suf:20prev_word:;current_word:8.20 next_word:%
prev_suf:becur_suf:seprev_word:becurrent_word:wise next_word:to
prev_suf:lycur_suf:usprev_word:fundamentallycurrent_word:dangerous next_word:depletion
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.6prev_word:$current_word:149.6 next_word:million
prev_suf:15cur_suf:esprev_word:15current_word:minutes next_word:after
prev_suf:hecur_suf:meprev_word:thecurrent_word:supreme next_word:court
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:whisper next_word:,
prev_suf:rycur_suf:usprev_word:finsburycurrent_word:circus next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:dsprev_word:greatercurrent_word:periods next_word:.
prev_suf:orcur_suf:83prev_word:orcurrent_word:83 next_word:cents
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ngprev_word:tocurrent_word:shooting next_word:only
prev_suf:acur_suf:itprev_word:acurrent_word:pit next_word:trader
prev_suf:hecur_suf:dsprev_word:thecurrent_word:proceeds next_word:from
prev_suf:hecur_suf:49prev_word:thecurrent_word:49 next_word:.
prev_suf:iscur_suf:44prev_word:iscurrent_word:44 next_word:days
prev_suf:utcur_suf:45prev_word:aboutcurrent_word:45 next_word:to
prev_suf:oncur_suf:42prev_word:oncurrent_word:42 next_word:%
prev_suf:tocur_suf:43prev_word:tocurrent_word:43 next_word:on
prev_suf:$cur_suf:40prev_word:$current_word:40 next_word:years
prev_suf:$cur_suf:41prev_word:$current_word:41 next_word:cents
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:utprev_word:rollingcurrent_word:out next_word:as
prev_suf:30cur_suf:onprev_word:130current_word:regular-season next_word:games
prev_suf:,cur_suf:orprev_word:,current_word:fluor next_word:and
prev_suf:escur_suf:nkprev_word:inventoriescurrent_word:shrank next_word:.
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ngprev_word:forcurrent_word:starting next_word:to
prev_suf:tycur_suf:erprev_word:dustycurrent_word:baker next_word:complained
prev_suf:atcur_suf:.4prev_word:atcurrent_word:2163.4 next_word:,
prev_suf:alcur_suf:edprev_word:internationalcurrent_word:limited next_word:partnership
prev_suf:orcur_suf:esprev_word:forcurrent_word:facilities next_word:,
prev_suf:upcur_suf:17prev_word:upcurrent_word:1.17 next_word:point
prev_suf:$cur_suf:15prev_word:$current_word:1.15 next_word:billion
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:teprev_word:herringcurrent_word:violate next_word:national
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:isprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:paris next_word:.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:47prev_word:$current_word:347 next_word:million
prev_suf:rkcur_suf:erprev_word:networkcurrent_word:under next_word:the
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ngprev_word:ofcurrent_word:convening next_word:the
prev_suf:idcur_suf:skprev_word:avoidcurrent_word:risk next_word:of
prev_suf:stcur_suf:llprev_word:westcurrent_word:point-pepperell next_word:fell
prev_suf:%cur_suf:seprev_word:%current_word:rise next_word:further
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:stprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:non-interest next_word:expense
prev_suf:orcur_suf:scprev_word:orcurrent_word:risc next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:procession next_word:before
prev_suf:``cur_suf:ryprev_word:``current_word:every next_word:share
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ckprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:jack next_word:w.
prev_suf:cecur_suf:edprev_word:sincecurrent_word:softened next_word:,
prev_suf:00cur_suf:ysprev_word:10,000current_word:monkeys next_word:placed
prev_suf:sscur_suf:olprev_word:businesscurrent_word:school next_word:.
prev_suf:tecur_suf:teprev_word:estatecurrent_word:magnate next_word:and
prev_suf:(cur_suf:ifprev_word:(current_word:calif next_word:.
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:integrated next_word:resources
prev_suf:acur_suf:-9prev_word:acurrent_word:21-9 next_word:mark
prev_suf:$cur_suf:reprev_word:$current_word:7-a-share next_word:tender
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:axprev_word:andcurrent_word:fairfax next_word:county
prev_suf:hecur_suf:typrev_word:thecurrent_word:possiblity next_word:of
prev_suf:sscur_suf:rsprev_word:businesscurrent_word:leaders next_word:in
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ntprev_word:iscurrent_word:consistent next_word:with
prev_suf:arcur_suf:esprev_word:full-yearcurrent_word:estimates next_word:that
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ctprev_word:thancurrent_word:direct next_word:federal
prev_suf:llcur_suf:etprev_word:wallcurrent_word:street next_word:'s
prev_suf:rycur_suf:gsprev_word:treasurycurrent_word:borrowings next_word:only
prev_suf:03cur_suf:32prev_word:103current_word:12\*slash*32 next_word:friday
prev_suf:tscur_suf:edprev_word:itscurrent_word:estimated next_word:$
prev_suf:;cur_suf:ueprev_word:;current_word:blue next_word:arrow
prev_suf:uycur_suf:edprev_word:buycurrent_word:selected next_word:15
prev_suf:iscur_suf:usprev_word:thiscurrent_word:mischievous next_word:case
prev_suf:tocur_suf:seprev_word:tocurrent_word:endorse next_word:a
prev_suf:orcur_suf:erprev_word:majorcurrent_word:supplier next_word:of
prev_suf:itcur_suf:esprev_word:itcurrent_word:supplies next_word:operations
prev_suf:chcur_suf:ksprev_word:whichcurrent_word:seeks next_word:50.3
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:kicked next_word:into
prev_suf:acur_suf:typrev_word:acurrent_word:feisty next_word:player
prev_suf:aycur_suf:neprev_word:maycurrent_word:richstone next_word:.
prev_suf:hycur_suf:ioprev_word:photographycurrent_word:studio next_word:in
prev_suf:ancur_suf:edprev_word:goldmancurrent_word:represented next_word:about
prev_suf:hecur_suf:thprev_word:thecurrent_word:aftermath next_word:of
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:onprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:enron next_word:said
prev_suf:acur_suf:eeprev_word:acurrent_word:wait-and-see next_word:attitude
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:auction next_word:of
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:edprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:changed next_word:hands
prev_suf:lacur_suf:naprev_word:dellacurrent_word:femina next_word:,
prev_suf:escur_suf:edprev_word:valuescurrent_word:depreciated next_word:,
prev_suf:atcur_suf:tsprev_word:whatcurrent_word:analysts next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:changes next_word:``
prev_suf:orcur_suf:tsprev_word:colorcurrent_word:prints next_word:of
prev_suf:encur_suf:edprev_word:beencurrent_word:erected next_word:to
prev_suf:lecur_suf:ceprev_word:littlecurrent_word:patience next_word:,
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ipprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:philip next_word:morris
prev_suf:atcur_suf:ldprev_word:thatcurrent_word:would next_word:represent
prev_suf:atcur_suf:.8prev_word:atcurrent_word:2076.8 next_word:,
prev_suf:gecur_suf:m.prev_word:georgecurrent_word:m. next_word:sandler
prev_suf:rmcur_suf:ttprev_word:firmcurrent_word:burdett next_word:,
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:distributing next_word:an
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:noting next_word:that
prev_suf:urcur_suf:etprev_word:ourcurrent_word:asset next_word:sales
prev_suf:hecur_suf:m2prev_word:thecurrent_word:m2 next_word:version
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:slaughtered next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:neprev_word:thecurrent_word:phone next_word:company
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ntprev_word:ancurrent_word:excellent next_word:job
prev_suf:,cur_suf:paprev_word:,current_word:tampa next_word:,
prev_suf:mscur_suf:stprev_word:firmscurrent_word:must next_word:pare
prev_suf:tocur_suf:meprev_word:tocurrent_word:me next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:-8prev_word:,current_word:9-8 next_word:,
prev_suf:llcur_suf:lyprev_word:ballcurrent_word:tremendously next_word:,
prev_suf:rmcur_suf:ttprev_word:firmcurrent_word:crescott next_word:inc.
prev_suf:'scur_suf:tsprev_word:'scurrent_word:straits next_word:times
prev_suf:idcur_suf:stprev_word:saidcurrent_word:ernest next_word:simon
prev_suf:incur_suf:myprev_word:incurrent_word:my next_word:hands
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:esprev_word:ofcurrent_word:receivables next_word:owed
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:daprev_word:andcurrent_word:florida next_word:board
prev_suf:acur_suf:ffprev_word:acurrent_word:cooling-off next_word:period
prev_suf:tocur_suf:epprev_word:tocurrent_word:keep next_word:their
prev_suf:chcur_suf:erprev_word:muchcurrent_word:looser next_word:language
prev_suf:ancur_suf:eeprev_word:loancurrent_word:guarantee next_word:program
prev_suf:$cur_suf:75prev_word:$current_word:51.75 next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ndprev_word:thecurrent_word:end next_word:of
prev_suf:tocur_suf:.8prev_word:tocurrent_word:75.8 next_word:million
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ttprev_word:violatedcurrent_word:gatt next_word:rules
prev_suf:owcur_suf:adprev_word:howcurrent_word:widespread next_word:the
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:charging next_word:warner
prev_suf:rycur_suf:lyprev_word:verycurrent_word:badly next_word:damaged
prev_suf:idcur_suf:thprev_word:saidcurrent_word:elizabeth next_word:hambrecht
prev_suf:,cur_suf:anprev_word:,current_word:adrian next_word:sween
prev_suf:'cur_suf:ngprev_word:'current_word:demanding next_word:work
prev_suf:'scur_suf:onprev_word:'scurrent_word:detention next_word:.
prev_suf:idcur_suf:nyprev_word:saidcurrent_word:danny next_word:linger
prev_suf:necur_suf:idprev_word:junecurrent_word:amid next_word:all
prev_suf:hocur_suf:edprev_word:whocurrent_word:acknowledged next_word:a
prev_suf:hecur_suf:deprev_word:thecurrent_word:upside next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:teprev_word:thecurrent_word:ultimate next_word:judges
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:fourth-biggest next_word:gain
prev_suf:mscur_suf:erprev_word:firmscurrent_word:enter next_word:the
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ngprev_word:andcurrent_word:plumbing next_word:supplies
prev_suf:rocur_suf:emprev_word:grocurrent_word:harlem next_word:brundtland
prev_suf:stcur_suf:erprev_word:interestcurrent_word:over next_word:the
prev_suf:eecur_suf:llprev_word:freecurrent_word:fall next_word:by
prev_suf:``cur_suf:tsprev_word:``current_word:expects next_word:that
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:onprev_word:ofcurrent_word:london next_word:trading
prev_suf:$cur_suf:59prev_word:$current_word:20.59 next_word:a
prev_suf:odcur_suf:ngprev_word:goodcurrent_word:price-supporting next_word:technical
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:nsprev_word:ofcurrent_word:expectations next_word:that
prev_suf:ascur_suf:ngprev_word:wascurrent_word:writing next_word:that
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.6prev_word:$current_word:16.6 next_word:million
prev_suf:acur_suf:.3prev_word:acurrent_word:16.3 next_word:%
prev_suf:,cur_suf:.1prev_word:,current_word:16.1 next_word:million
prev_suf:tscur_suf:00prev_word:hitscurrent_word:400 next_word:million
prev_suf:utcur_suf:15prev_word:aboutcurrent_word:3:15 next_word:p.m.
prev_suf:r.cur_suf:'sprev_word:mr.current_word:o'linn's next_word:commission
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.8prev_word:$current_word:16.8 next_word:million
prev_suf:eycur_suf:esprev_word:kidneycurrent_word:diseases next_word:,
prev_suf:adcur_suf:edprev_word:hadcurrent_word:prevented next_word:pipeline
prev_suf:sscur_suf:rsprev_word:masscurrent_word:merchandisers next_word:like
prev_suf:arcur_suf:alprev_word:carcurrent_word:rental next_word:equipment
prev_suf:rkcur_suf:arprev_word:benchmarkcurrent_word:30-year next_word:mortgage
prev_suf:hecur_suf:dsprev_word:thecurrent_word:netherlands next_word:has
prev_suf:,cur_suf:exprev_word:,current_word:alex next_word:.
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:hascurrent_word:notified next_word:burmah
prev_suf:acur_suf:ayprev_word:acurrent_word:23-day next_word:strike
prev_suf:ancur_suf:teprev_word:ancurrent_word:affiliate next_word:of
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ssprev_word:andcurrent_word:fitness next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:signing next_word:of
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:nsprev_word:plantcurrent_word:relocations next_word:and
prev_suf:uecur_suf:ngprev_word:issuecurrent_word:celebrating next_word:over
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ayprev_word:oncurrent_word:saturday next_word:ledger
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ssprev_word:helpedcurrent_word:depress next_word:prices
prev_suf:hocur_suf:meprev_word:whocurrent_word:overcame next_word:early
prev_suf:secur_suf:ngprev_word:thosecurrent_word:sighing next_word:with
prev_suf:alcur_suf:urprev_word:normalcurrent_word:two-hour next_word:trading
prev_suf:ffcur_suf:esprev_word:spin-offcurrent_word:companies next_word:.
prev_suf:ircur_suf:tsprev_word:theircurrent_word:bonnets next_word:.
prev_suf:''cur_suf:otprev_word:''current_word:got next_word:off
prev_suf:hecur_suf:lyprev_word:thecurrent_word:newly next_word:formed
prev_suf:'cur_suf:onprev_word:'current_word:perception next_word:of
prev_suf:ancur_suf:teprev_word:ancurrent_word:associate next_word:of
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ilprev_word:amongcurrent_word:rail next_word:and
prev_suf:tscur_suf:eeprev_word:itscurrent_word:free next_word:and
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:investorscurrent_word:wanted next_word:him
prev_suf:incur_suf:erprev_word:incurrent_word:ambler next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:75prev_word:$current_word:222.875 next_word:.
prev_suf:stcur_suf:ysprev_word:justcurrent_word:days next_word:events
prev_suf:45cur_suf:ceprev_word:845current_word:pence next_word:(
prev_suf:gecur_suf:nsprev_word:hugecurrent_word:corrections next_word:or
prev_suf:edcur_suf:toprev_word:latchedcurrent_word:onto next_word:the
prev_suf:ascur_suf:dyprev_word:hascurrent_word:already next_word:reeling
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ilprev_word:,current_word:hispanoil next_word:(
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ryprev_word:oncurrent_word:primary next_word:new
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:hearing next_word:on
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:ctprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:restrict next_word:the
prev_suf:hecur_suf:iaprev_word:thecurrent_word:djia next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:sharpest next_word:traders
prev_suf:$cur_suf:56prev_word:$current_word:656 next_word:million
prev_suf:tecur_suf:alprev_word:black-and-whitecurrent_word:revival next_word:is
prev_suf:acur_suf:opprev_word:acurrent_word:top next_word:stock
prev_suf:&cur_suf:leprev_word:&current_word:quotable next_word:,
prev_suf:upcur_suf:07prev_word:upcurrent_word:0.07 next_word:percentage
prev_suf:,cur_suf:iaprev_word:,current_word:euphoria next_word:has
prev_suf:encur_suf:ooprev_word:beencurrent_word:too next_word:much
prev_suf:hecur_suf:geprev_word:thecurrent_word:percentage next_word:of
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:oeprev_word:goldcurrent_word:toe next_word:name
prev_suf:orcur_suf:anprev_word:forcurrent_word:urban next_word:lawmakers
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:ceiling next_word:for
prev_suf:atcur_suf:okprev_word:thatcurrent_word:took next_word:the
prev_suf:incur_suf:rnprev_word:incurrent_word:western next_word:media
prev_suf:cecur_suf:rmprev_word:financecurrent_word:longer-term next_word:loans
prev_suf:arcur_suf:edprev_word:oberstarcurrent_word:brushed next_word:aside
prev_suf:$cur_suf:75prev_word:$current_word:104.75 next_word:,
prev_suf:llcur_suf:arprev_word:hillcurrent_word:kosar next_word:,
prev_suf:ancur_suf:.9prev_word:ancurrent_word:18.9 next_word:%
prev_suf:hycur_suf:esprev_word:photographycurrent_word:classes next_word:.
prev_suf:tocur_suf:.7prev_word:tocurrent_word:18.7 next_word:million
prev_suf:ghcur_suf:geprev_word:triboroughcurrent_word:bridge next_word:and
prev_suf:incur_suf:onprev_word:incurrent_word:fashion next_word:,
prev_suf:lscur_suf:anprev_word:individualscurrent_word:ran next_word:from
prev_suf:shcur_suf:ngprev_word:harshcurrent_word:economic-restructuring next_word:program
prev_suf:llcur_suf:ngprev_word:farrellcurrent_word:advising next_word:clients
prev_suf:bycur_suf:meprev_word:bycurrent_word:lunchtime next_word:.
prev_suf:uscur_suf:boprev_word:variouscurrent_word:lbo next_word:dealmakers
prev_suf:acur_suf:lyprev_word:acurrent_word:relatively next_word:modest
prev_suf:hecur_suf:lyprev_word:thecurrent_word:traditionally next_word:powerful
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:69prev_word:ofcurrent_word:1969 next_word:equaling
prev_suf:hecur_suf:67prev_word:thecurrent_word:1967 next_word:average
prev_suf:omcur_suf:-prev_word:bottomcurrent_word:- next_word:down
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:increasinglycurrent_word:isolated next_word:airports
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:esprev_word:andcurrent_word:localities next_word:should
prev_suf:tocur_suf:chprev_word:tocurrent_word:hatch next_word:some
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ghprev_word:,current_word:though next_word:trading
prev_suf:;cur_suf:02prev_word:;current_word:8.02 next_word:%
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:snprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:bsn next_word:'s
prev_suf::cur_suf:05prev_word::current_word:8.05 next_word:%
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:parting next_word:shot
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:rdprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:richard next_word:g.
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ngprev_word:potentiallycurrent_word:devastating next_word:effect
prev_suf:alcur_suf:alprev_word:industrialcurrent_word:metal next_word:exchange
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:typrev_word:foundingcurrent_word:treaty next_word:negotiations
prev_suf:incur_suf:lyprev_word:incurrent_word:orderly next_word:.
prev_suf:iscur_suf:onprev_word:hiscurrent_word:reputation next_word:among
prev_suf:''cur_suf:edprev_word:''current_word:marveled next_word:giant
prev_suf:atcur_suf:nsprev_word:thatcurrent_word:reductions next_word:in
prev_suf:uscur_suf:lsprev_word:variouscurrent_word:labels next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:rsprev_word:thecurrent_word:colors next_word:each
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ioprev_word:60-secondcurrent_word:radio next_word:adventure
prev_suf:hecur_suf:thprev_word:thecurrent_word:earth next_word:'s
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ilprev_word:tocurrent_word:bail next_word:out
prev_suf:hecur_suf:typrev_word:thecurrent_word:availability next_word:of
prev_suf:ascur_suf:ngprev_word:wascurrent_word:overwhelming next_word:buyers
prev_suf:nycur_suf:ysprev_word:anycurrent_word:delays next_word:after
prev_suf:thcur_suf:chprev_word:deathcurrent_word:watch next_word:.
prev_suf:mpcur_suf:edprev_word:trumpcurrent_word:criticized next_word:for
prev_suf:atcur_suf:ngprev_word:thatcurrent_word:shutting next_word:down
prev_suf:,cur_suf:teprev_word:,current_word:despite next_word:the
prev_suf:'scur_suf:rtprev_word:'scurrent_word:report next_word:earnings
prev_suf:g.cur_suf:enprev_word:g.current_word:dahlen next_word:,
prev_suf:edcur_suf:esprev_word:less-developedcurrent_word:countries next_word:increased
prev_suf:tecur_suf:tsprev_word:black-and-whitecurrent_word:shots next_word:of
prev_suf:oncur_suf:icprev_word:oncurrent_word:automatic next_word:wage
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:rsprev_word:blockcurrent_word:mergers next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:quintessential next_word:sport
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:presuming next_word:to
prev_suf:hecur_suf:itprev_word:thecurrent_word:habit next_word:of
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:orprev_word:andcurrent_word:liquor next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:0sprev_word:thecurrent_word:1960s next_word:.
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ayprev_word:itscurrent_word:late-in-the-day next_word:nose
prev_suf:hecur_suf:typrev_word:thecurrent_word:capacity next_word:of
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:tsprev_word:strikingcurrent_word:machinists next_word:still
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:84prev_word:yieldcurrent_word:7.84 next_word:%
prev_suf:ircur_suf:chprev_word:theircurrent_word:approach next_word:to
prev_suf:omcur_suf:82prev_word:fromcurrent_word:7.82 next_word:%
prev_suf:eecur_suf:ryprev_word:threecurrent_word:discovery next_word:wells
prev_suf:orcur_suf:nsprev_word:forcurrent_word:bargains next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:confusion next_word:,
prev_suf:lycur_suf:akprev_word:fundamentallycurrent_word:weak next_word:currency
prev_suf:,cur_suf:erprev_word:,current_word:however next_word:,
prev_suf:ircur_suf:ssprev_word:theircurrent_word:boss next_word:broke
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:southeast next_word:sumatra
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:arprev_word:eveningcurrent_word:wear next_word:for
prev_suf:lecur_suf:wsprev_word:cablecurrent_word:news next_word:tribune
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:faced next_word:when
prev_suf:lpcur_suf:ctprev_word:helpcurrent_word:protect next_word:them
prev_suf:'cur_suf:ltprev_word:'current_word:fault next_word:.
prev_suf:'scur_suf:usprev_word:'scurrent_word:precipitous next_word:drop
prev_suf:wocur_suf:rsprev_word:twocurrent_word:players next_word:trying
prev_suf:wocur_suf:esprev_word:twocurrent_word:games next_word:and
prev_suf:``cur_suf:lyprev_word:``current_word:mildly next_word:disappointing
prev_suf:s.cur_suf:esprev_word:u.s.current_word:faces next_word:a
prev_suf:hecur_suf:seprev_word:thecurrent_word:expense next_word:.
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:chprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:goodrich next_word:wo
prev_suf:iscur_suf:anprev_word:louiscurrent_word:sullivan next_word:,
prev_suf:oncur_suf:stprev_word:resolutioncurrent_word:trust next_word::
prev_suf:incur_suf:erprev_word:incurrent_word:november next_word:.
prev_suf:alcur_suf:ceprev_word:intergovernmentalcurrent_word:conference next_word:agreed
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:efprev_word:ofcurrent_word:beef next_word:and
prev_suf:nkcur_suf:66prev_word:sankcurrent_word:45.66 next_word:,
prev_suf:gecur_suf:esprev_word:exchangecurrent_word:warehouses next_word:rose
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:hascurrent_word:muddied next_word:the
prev_suf:ascur_suf:enprev_word:hascurrent_word:been next_word:fairly
prev_suf:upcur_suf:lyprev_word:upcurrent_word:quickly next_word:as
prev_suf:stcur_suf:ryprev_word:biggestcurrent_word:beneficiary next_word:of
prev_suf:llcur_suf:ntprev_word:stillcurrent_word:confident next_word:that
prev_suf:adcur_suf:edprev_word:hadcurrent_word:expected next_word:within
prev_suf:``cur_suf:ngprev_word:``current_word:fleeting next_word:''
prev_suf:acur_suf:ayprev_word:acurrent_word:30-day next_word:review
prev_suf:stcur_suf:gsprev_word:againstcurrent_word:drugs next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:00prev_word:$current_word:900 next_word:billion
prev_suf:'scur_suf:chprev_word:'scurrent_word:catch next_word:.
prev_suf:atcur_suf:kyprev_word:atcurrent_word:kentucky next_word:fried
prev_suf:orcur_suf:erprev_word:orcurrent_word:lesser next_word:efficiency
prev_suf:vecur_suf:rsprev_word:innovativecurrent_word:teachers next_word:.
prev_suf:m.cur_suf:rgprev_word:m.current_word:goldberg next_word:'s
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:laprev_word:ofcurrent_word:della next_word:femina
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:lsprev_word:insolventcurrent_word:s&ls next_word:,
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ayprev_word:hiscurrent_word:on-broadway next_word:photography
prev_suf:stcur_suf:esprev_word:non-interestcurrent_word:expenses next_word:incurred
prev_suf:rycur_suf:tsprev_word:industrycurrent_word:experts next_word:saying
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:rsprev_word:preventcurrent_word:profiteers next_word:from
prev_suf:escur_suf:stprev_word:studiescurrent_word:suggest next_word:they
prev_suf:rkcur_suf:tsprev_word:yorkcurrent_word:yankees-mets next_word:series
prev_suf:hecur_suf:exprev_word:thecurrent_word:complex next_word:financing
prev_suf:'scur_suf:60prev_word:'scurrent_word:i860 next_word:microprocessors
prev_suf:dscur_suf:alprev_word:adscurrent_word:several next_word:major
prev_suf:wocur_suf:rsprev_word:twocurrent_word:inventors next_word:of
prev_suf:'scur_suf:stprev_word:'scurrent_word:leftist next_word:rebels
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:wherecurrent_word:decision-making next_word:is
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:onprev_word:quickcurrent_word:action next_word:was
prev_suf:utcur_suf:edprev_word:butcurrent_word:insisted next_word:it
prev_suf:alcur_suf:leprev_word:normalcurrent_word:cycle next_word:dating
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:lyprev_word:aroundcurrent_word:shortly next_word:after
prev_suf:omcur_suf:gsprev_word:freedomcurrent_word:savings next_word:activity
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:greatest next_word:photos
prev_suf:dscur_suf:edprev_word:redscurrent_word:outnumbered next_word:advancers
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:hascurrent_word:proposed next_word:changes
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.7prev_word:$current_word:201.7 next_word:million
prev_suf:hecur_suf:rsprev_word:thecurrent_word:dissenters next_word:was
prev_suf:alcur_suf:lfprev_word:nationalcurrent_word:elf next_word:aquitaine
prev_suf:upcur_suf:11prev_word:upcurrent_word:435.11 next_word:points
prev_suf:incur_suf:alprev_word:incurrent_word:technological next_word:development
prev_suf:llcur_suf:s.prev_word:allcurrent_word:non-u.s. next_word:stocks
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:.3prev_word:andcurrent_word:215.3 next_word:as
prev_suf:'scur_suf:veprev_word:'scurrent_word:gave next_word:up
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:meprev_word:ofcurrent_word:low-income next_word:)
prev_suf:aycur_suf:esprev_word:fridaycurrent_word:advances next_word:,
prev_suf:ancur_suf:rnprev_word:ancurrent_word:upturn next_word:in
prev_suf:&cur_suf:leprev_word:&current_word:newcastle next_word:came
prev_suf:alcur_suf:geprev_word:federalcurrent_word:judge next_word:in
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:closelycurrent_word:intertwined next_word:as
prev_suf:escur_suf:edprev_word:hostilitiescurrent_word:advanced next_word:computer
prev_suf:}cur_suf:rtprev_word:}current_word:apart next_word:from
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.9prev_word:$current_word:444.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:adcur_suf:ngprev_word:adcurrent_word:appearing next_word:today
prev_suf:orcur_suf:58prev_word:orcurrent_word:58 next_word:cents
prev_suf:stcur_suf:ftprev_word:firstcurrent_word:gift next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:55prev_word:thecurrent_word:55 next_word:%
prev_suf:$cur_suf:54prev_word:$current_word:54 next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:57prev_word:$current_word:57 next_word:cents
prev_suf:llcur_suf:56prev_word:fellcurrent_word:56 next_word:%
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:51prev_word:remainingcurrent_word:51 next_word:.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:50prev_word:$current_word:50 next_word:a
prev_suf:hecur_suf:53prev_word:thecurrent_word:53 next_word:cents
prev_suf:omcur_suf:52prev_word:fromcurrent_word:52 next_word:corporate
prev_suf:escur_suf:icprev_word:receivescurrent_word:specific next_word:product
prev_suf:ircur_suf:esprev_word:theircurrent_word:offices next_word:watching
prev_suf:vecur_suf:erprev_word:executivecurrent_word:officer next_word:of
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ngprev_word:andcurrent_word:hung next_word:pictures
prev_suf:r.cur_suf:owprev_word:mr.current_word:bandow next_word:is
prev_suf:,cur_suf:iaprev_word:,current_word:malaysia next_word:and
prev_suf:urcur_suf:bsprev_word:fourcurrent_word:clubs next_word:(
prev_suf:orcur_suf:onprev_word:forcurrent_word:election next_word:complaints
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ctprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:indirect next_word:subsidies
prev_suf:hycur_suf:tsprev_word:photographycurrent_word:contests next_word:at
prev_suf:$cur_suf:29prev_word:$current_word:429 next_word:million
prev_suf:mpcur_suf:ngprev_word:dumpcurrent_word:everything next_word:loose
prev_suf:chcur_suf:nnprev_word:whichcurrent_word:cnn next_word:last
prev_suf:t.cur_suf:teprev_word:t.current_word:foote next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:30prev_word:,current_word:3:30 next_word:,
prev_suf:'scur_suf:reprev_word:'scurrent_word:core next_word:business
prev_suf:hncur_suf:peprev_word:johncurrent_word:lampe next_word:,
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:nsprev_word:tradingcurrent_word:suspensions next_word:.
prev_suf:rpcur_suf:ntprev_word:sharpcurrent_word:discount next_word:from
prev_suf:eccur_suf:rpprev_word:trizeccurrent_word:corp next_word:.
prev_suf:ercur_suf:erprev_word:undercurrent_word:chapter next_word:11
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ngprev_word:'scurrent_word:plunging next_word:stock
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:reprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:ensure next_word:orderly
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:lyprev_word:decliningcurrent_word:steadily next_word:upward
prev_suf:tecur_suf:tsprev_word:deflatecurrent_word:efforts next_word:by
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ceprev_word:itscurrent_word:presence next_word:in
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ilprev_word:ofcurrent_word:civil next_word:war
prev_suf:atcur_suf:tsprev_word:atcurrent_word:bats next_word:,
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:existed next_word:,
prev_suf:tscur_suf:htprev_word:putscurrent_word:sunlight next_word:brand
prev_suf:ascur_suf:htprev_word:hascurrent_word:fought next_word:to
prev_suf:,cur_suf:adprev_word:,current_word:head next_word:of
prev_suf:ircur_suf:umprev_word:theircurrent_word:medium next_word:and
prev_suf:orcur_suf:tsprev_word:forcurrent_word:dataproducts next_word:'
prev_suf:vecur_suf:esprev_word:resolvecurrent_word:differences next_word:remained
prev_suf:tocur_suf:nyprev_word:tocurrent_word:deny next_word:that
prev_suf:rycur_suf:lyprev_word:verycurrent_word:satisfactorily next_word:,
prev_suf:acur_suf:edprev_word:acurrent_word:sustained next_word:a
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:removed next_word:before
prev_suf:tocur_suf:88prev_word:tocurrent_word:2600.88 next_word:.
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ldprev_word:financiercurrent_word:donald next_word:trump
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:kyprev_word:ofcurrent_word:panicky next_word:trading
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:cobbled next_word:them
prev_suf:ercur_suf:loprev_word:petercurrent_word:cardillo next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:meprev_word:andcurrent_word:sometime next_word:raider
prev_suf:stcur_suf:leprev_word:mostcurrent_word:believable next_word:?
prev_suf:stcur_suf:ipprev_word:firstcurrent_word:trip next_word:to
prev_suf:orcur_suf:meprev_word:laborcurrent_word:regime next_word:relinquished
prev_suf:etcur_suf:alprev_word:marketcurrent_word:upheaval next_word:apparently
prev_suf:,cur_suf:noprev_word:,current_word:no next_word:conviction
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:lsprev_word:tapingcurrent_word:commercials next_word:,
prev_suf:hncur_suf:ldprev_word:johncurrent_word:fitzgerald next_word:,
prev_suf:escur_suf:edprev_word:colleaguescurrent_word:scrambled next_word:for
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ngprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:setting next_word:the
prev_suf:'scur_suf:rsprev_word:'scurrent_word:papers next_word:in
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:npprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:np next_word:acquisition
prev_suf:etcur_suf:onprev_word:marketcurrent_word:erosion next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:permitting next_word:a
prev_suf:tocur_suf:erprev_word:tocurrent_word:reconsider next_word:their
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ssprev_word:'scurrent_word:loan-loss next_word:reserves
prev_suf:acur_suf:efprev_word:acurrent_word:brief next_word:spot
prev_suf:tycur_suf:rsprev_word:celebritycurrent_word:endorsers next_word:are
prev_suf:nocur_suf:erprev_word:nocurrent_word:longer next_word:such
prev_suf:yscur_suf:enprev_word:sayscurrent_word:cathleen next_word:b.
prev_suf:ercur_suf:edprev_word:latercurrent_word:remarked next_word:.
prev_suf:recur_suf:usprev_word:arecurrent_word:serious next_word:studies
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:chprev_word:battingcurrent_word:coach next_word:dusty
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:rsprev_word:giantcurrent_word:rooters next_word:.
prev_suf:iccur_suf:esprev_word:strategiccurrent_word:alternatives next_word:,
prev_suf:'scur_suf:usprev_word:'scurrent_word:focus next_word:clearly
prev_suf:cycur_suf:dsprev_word:secrecycurrent_word:leads next_word:went
prev_suf:encur_suf:ngprev_word:screencurrent_word:displaying next_word:100
prev_suf:acur_suf:owprev_word:acurrent_word:row next_word:,
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ahprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:burmah next_word:,
prev_suf:tscur_suf:seprev_word:itscurrent_word:inverse next_word:lockstep
prev_suf:orcur_suf:onprev_word:forcurrent_word:clarification next_word:of
prev_suf:incur_suf:43prev_word:incurrent_word:1943 next_word:out
prev_suf:cecur_suf:45prev_word:sincecurrent_word:1945 next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ntprev_word:thecurrent_word:environment next_word:,
prev_suf:incur_suf:geprev_word:incurrent_word:charge next_word:on
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ngprev_word:aftercurrent_word:discovering next_word:it
prev_suf:eycur_suf:onprev_word:rickeycurrent_word:henderson next_word:,
prev_suf:kecur_suf:geprev_word:takecurrent_word:advantage next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:rsprev_word:thecurrent_word:sponsors next_word:themselves
prev_suf:acur_suf:olprev_word:acurrent_word:cool next_word:them
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:elprev_word:currentcurrent_word:level next_word:suggesting
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:iiprev_word:andcurrent_word:hawaii next_word:.
prev_suf:shcur_suf:dsprev_word:harshcurrent_word:standards next_word:.
prev_suf:ercur_suf:lyprev_word:eithercurrent_word:domestically next_word:or
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ntprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:asset-management next_word:fee
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ckprev_word:spurredcurrent_word:quick next_word:600-point
prev_suf:,cur_suf:erprev_word:,current_word:lever next_word:bros.
prev_suf:01cur_suf:32prev_word:101current_word:19\*slash*32 next_word:to
prev_suf:orcur_suf:rkprev_word:forcurrent_word:pork next_word:.
prev_suf:oncur_suf:erprev_word:oncurrent_word:slower next_word:earnings
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ndprev_word:thecurrent_word:trend next_word:.
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:52prev_word:losingcurrent_word:63.52 next_word:points
prev_suf:,cur_suf:h.prev_word:,current_word:mich. next_word:,
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:nsprev_word:dickcurrent_word:emmons next_word:.
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:ffprev_word:independentcurrent_word:spin-off next_word:companies
prev_suf:incur_suf:rtprev_word:incurrent_word:port next_word:washington
prev_suf:acur_suf:teprev_word:acurrent_word:substitute next_word:offer
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:dsprev_word:left-fieldcurrent_word:stands next_word:in
prev_suf:adcur_suf:esprev_word:adcurrent_word:goes next_word:around
prev_suf:iscur_suf:erprev_word:thiscurrent_word:water next_word:authority
prev_suf:decur_suf:mpprev_word:decurrent_word:kamp next_word:and
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:llprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:baseball next_word:bat
prev_suf:sscur_suf:psprev_word:businesscurrent_word:groups next_word:are
prev_suf:acur_suf:-4prev_word:acurrent_word:6-4 next_word:margin
prev_suf:atcur_suf:edprev_word:thatcurrent_word:unidentified next_word:senior
prev_suf:tscur_suf:hyprev_word:actscurrent_word:healthy next_word:19
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:typrev_word:foundcurrent_word:guilty next_word:in
prev_suf:oncur_suf:icprev_word:oncurrent_word:pediatric next_word:kidney
prev_suf:secur_suf:00prev_word:whosecurrent_word:156,000 next_word:members
prev_suf:lycur_suf:icprev_word:especiallycurrent_word:problematic next_word:for
prev_suf:oncur_suf:isprev_word:educationcurrent_word:crisis next_word:would
prev_suf:encur_suf:edprev_word:beencurrent_word:handled next_word:the
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:arecurrent_word:wrecking next_word:their
prev_suf:atcur_suf:15prev_word:atcurrent_word:10:15 next_word:the
prev_suf:incur_suf:erprev_word:incurrent_word:third-quarter next_word:pretax
prev_suf:ercur_suf:dyprev_word:tradercurrent_word:andy next_word:rosen
prev_suf:ancur_suf:seprev_word:jancurrent_word:syse next_word:,
prev_suf:ipcur_suf:anprev_word:bluechipcurrent_word:australian next_word:stocks
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ayprev_word:appearingcurrent_word:today next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ugprev_word:tocurrent_word:plug next_word:for
prev_suf:tocur_suf:wnprev_word:tocurrent_word:drown next_word:in
prev_suf:vecur_suf:esprev_word:excessivecurrent_word:cases next_word:where
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:states next_word:of
prev_suf:rscur_suf:s.prev_word:offerscurrent_word:ms. next_word:macdonald
prev_suf:arcur_suf:erprev_word:spectacularcurrent_word:performer next_word:it
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:mpprev_word:donaldcurrent_word:trump next_word:was
prev_suf:atcur_suf:reprev_word:thatcurrent_word:figure next_word:.
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:profitcurrent_word:dropped next_word:.
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ecprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:memotec next_word:if
prev_suf:otcur_suf:ngprev_word:notcurrent_word:counting next_word:the
prev_suf:lecur_suf:tsprev_word:applicablecurrent_word:requirements next_word:and
prev_suf:encur_suf:edprev_word:beencurrent_word:secured next_word:financing
prev_suf:otcur_suf:edprev_word:notcurrent_word:harmed next_word:too
prev_suf:atcur_suf:1prev_word:whatcurrent_word:1 next_word:%
prev_suf:ercur_suf:thprev_word:year-earliercurrent_word:fourth next_word:highest
prev_suf:,cur_suf:usprev_word:,current_word:plus next_word:other
prev_suf:;cur_suf:ntprev_word:;current_word:paramount next_word:lost
prev_suf:llcur_suf:onprev_word:allcurrent_word:information next_word:systems
prev_suf:$cur_suf:49prev_word:$current_word:3.49 next_word:a
prev_suf:oucur_suf:edprev_word:youcurrent_word:tipped next_word:the
prev_suf:stcur_suf:esprev_word:centrustcurrent_word:branches next_word:to
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:typrev_word:STARTcurrent_word:commodity next_word:exchange
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ntprev_word:oncurrent_word:joint next_word:conditions
prev_suf:ercur_suf:apprev_word:considercurrent_word:gap next_word:did
prev_suf:$cur_suf:25prev_word:$current_word:125 next_word:a
prev_suf:ancur_suf:veprev_word:ancurrent_word:exclusive next_word:broker
prev_suf:lecur_suf:rtprev_word:littlecurrent_word:comfort next_word:to
prev_suf:$cur_suf:26prev_word:$current_word:126 next_word:million
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:sharplycurrent_word:undervalued next_word:on
prev_suf:atcur_suf:htprev_word:atcurrent_word:midnight next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:thecurrent_word:marxist-dominated next_word:swapo
prev_suf:gocur_suf:exprev_word:chicagocurrent_word:stock-index next_word:options
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:esprev_word:andcurrent_word:leases next_word:for
prev_suf:hecur_suf:urprev_word:thecurrent_word:spur next_word:that
prev_suf:rtcur_suf:chprev_word:robertcurrent_word:wallach next_word:,
prev_suf:itcur_suf:rsprev_word:itcurrent_word:offers next_word:''
prev_suf:.8cur_suf:onprev_word:41.8current_word:millon next_word:,
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:sufficientlycurrent_word:coordinated next_word:to
prev_suf:atcur_suf:edprev_word:whatcurrent_word:happened next_word:,
prev_suf:adcur_suf:nsprev_word:hadcurrent_word:conversations next_word:with
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:thprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:underneath next_word:the
prev_suf:iscur_suf:edprev_word:iscurrent_word:warranted next_word:.
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:edprev_word:ofcurrent_word:qualified next_word:airports
prev_suf:tscur_suf:reprev_word:advertisementscurrent_word:feature next_word:stark
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:geprev_word:ofcurrent_word:high-leverage next_word:restructurings
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:teprev_word:andcurrent_word:execute next_word:as
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ksprev_word:andcurrent_word:trucks next_word:.
prev_suf:llcur_suf:zeprev_word:willcurrent_word:stabilize next_word:after
prev_suf:$cur_suf:reprev_word:$current_word:25-a-share next_word:in
prev_suf:atcur_suf:zeprev_word:thatcurrent_word:synchronize next_word:circuit
prev_suf:wscur_suf:neprev_word:newscurrent_word:tribune next_word:,
prev_suf:mecur_suf:ngprev_word:somecurrent_word:catching next_word:up
prev_suf:dycur_suf:unprev_word:alreadycurrent_word:begun next_word:moving
prev_suf:kycur_suf:thprev_word:whackycurrent_word:save-the-earth next_word:initiative
prev_suf:itcur_suf:nsprev_word:itcurrent_word:plans next_word:to
prev_suf:,cur_suf:lyprev_word:,current_word:ultimately next_word:getting
prev_suf:encur_suf:thprev_word:betweencurrent_word:bellsouth next_word:has
prev_suf:secur_suf:rsprev_word:thesecurrent_word:factors next_word:played
prev_suf:sscur_suf:itprev_word:grosscurrent_word:profit next_word:slid
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:maprev_word:ofcurrent_word:oklahoma next_word:,
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:edprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:attracted next_word:the
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ntprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:kent next_word:colton
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:processed next_word:quickly
prev_suf:atcur_suf:ryprev_word:thatcurrent_word:theory next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:esprev_word:werecurrent_word:dispatches next_word:by
prev_suf:tocur_suf:seprev_word:tocurrent_word:impose next_word:conditions
prev_suf:tocur_suf:rnprev_word:tocurrent_word:turn next_word:barry
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ceprev_word:thecurrent_word:place next_word:earlier
prev_suf:odcur_suf:ngprev_word:goodcurrent_word:swing next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:edprev_word:thecurrent_word:discontinued next_word:.
prev_suf:mecur_suf:coprev_word:namecurrent_word:acco next_word:and
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ndprev_word:tocurrent_word:suspend next_word:some
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:llprev_word:includingcurrent_word:merrill next_word:lynch
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ueprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:revenue next_word:was
prev_suf:encur_suf:ngprev_word:beencurrent_word:accruing next_word:interest
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:meprev_word:ofcurrent_word:nursing-home next_word:equipment
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:geprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:george next_word:,
prev_suf:ascur_suf:enprev_word:hascurrent_word:given next_word:some
prev_suf:yscur_suf:anprev_word:sayscurrent_word:ian next_word:brightman
prev_suf:alcur_suf:ctprev_word:financialcurrent_word:district next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:icprev_word:multilayercurrent_word:plastic next_word:bag
prev_suf:recur_suf:nsprev_word:futurecurrent_word:returns next_word:.
prev_suf:oncur_suf:onprev_word:oncurrent_word:conservation next_word:voters
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:tsprev_word:andcurrent_word:lobbyists next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:teprev_word:andcurrent_word:white next_word:house
prev_suf:atcur_suf:esprev_word:thatcurrent_word:gives next_word:to
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:udprev_word:ofcurrent_word:hud next_word:will
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:season next_word:'s
prev_suf:s$cur_suf:05prev_word:us$current_word:9.05 next_word:)
prev_suf:zacur_suf:utprev_word:pizzacurrent_word:hut next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:werecurrent_word:released next_word:today
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.1prev_word:$current_word:28.1 next_word:million
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:holder next_word:to
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:fyprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:specify next_word:how
prev_suf:'scur_suf:onprev_word:'scurrent_word:population next_word:now
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:lyprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:unfortunately next_word:,
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:reprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:require next_word:``
prev_suf:tocur_suf:icprev_word:tocurrent_word:diplomatic next_word:ties
prev_suf:sncur_suf:anprev_word:bsncurrent_word:spokeswoman next_word:said
prev_suf:oncur_suf:lsprev_word:unioncurrent_word:officials next_word:were
prev_suf:lfcur_suf:dsprev_word:shelfcurrent_word:cards next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:elprev_word:acquirecurrent_word:birkel next_word:is
prev_suf:yscur_suf:ndprev_word:wayscurrent_word:and next_word:$
prev_suf:incur_suf:nnprev_word:incurrent_word:ann next_word:arbor
prev_suf:tzcur_suf:ntprev_word:hertzcurrent_word:rent next_word:a
prev_suf:ascur_suf:rkprev_word:kansascurrent_word:right-to-work next_word:laws
prev_suf:chcur_suf:lsprev_word:whichcurrent_word:sells next_word:clothes
prev_suf:atcur_suf:nyprev_word:atcurrent_word:any next_word:real
prev_suf:encur_suf:ngprev_word:a-mencurrent_word:batting next_word:coach
prev_suf:escur_suf:erprev_word:charlescurrent_word:beseler next_word:'s
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:meprev_word:duringcurrent_word:in-home next_word:repair
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ntprev_word:tocurrent_word:blunt next_word:ellis
prev_suf:excur_suf:lsprev_word:indexcurrent_word:falls next_word:in
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:considered next_word:.
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:taprev_word:andcurrent_word:jakarta next_word:escaped
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:traderscurrent_word:yelped next_word:their
prev_suf:acur_suf:orprev_word:acurrent_word:senior next_word:administration
prev_suf:lecur_suf:ngprev_word:whilecurrent_word:applauding next_word:the
prev_suf:chcur_suf:apprev_word:suchcurrent_word:cheap next_word:values
prev_suf:s.cur_suf:ngprev_word:u.s.current_word:fish-processing next_word:firms
prev_suf:hecur_suf:teprev_word:thecurrent_word:state next_word:baker
prev_suf:wncur_suf:meprev_word:owncurrent_word:crime next_word:punishable
prev_suf:7cur_suf:*4prev_word:7current_word:3\*slash*4 next_word:%
prev_suf:ercur_suf:erprev_word:rogercurrent_word:streeter next_word:and
prev_suf:edcur_suf:12prev_word:surgedcurrent_word:88.12 next_word:points
prev_suf:lscur_suf:edprev_word:professionalscurrent_word:cautioned next_word:that
prev_suf:secur_suf:*8prev_word:rosecurrent_word:3\*slash*8 next_word:%
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:wsprev_word:biddingcurrent_word:narrows next_word:the
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:expectation next_word:that
prev_suf:s.cur_suf:deprev_word:u.s.current_word:trade next_word:and
prev_suf:aycur_suf:reprev_word:four-daycurrent_word:closure next_word:after
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ngprev_word:commissioncurrent_word:regarding next_word:excessive
prev_suf:tocur_suf:rmprev_word:tocurrent_word:outperform next_word:the
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:edprev_word:beingcurrent_word:predicted next_word:for
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:largelycurrent_word:ignored next_word:the
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ngprev_word:ofcurrent_word:imposing next_word:the
prev_suf:socur_suf:esprev_word:alsocurrent_word:professes next_word:an
prev_suf:nscur_suf:edprev_word:restrictionscurrent_word:violated next_word:a
prev_suf:yscur_suf:inprev_word:sayscurrent_word:bargain next_word:hunting
prev_suf:thcur_suf:geprev_word:withcurrent_word:college next_word:degrees
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:parking next_word:lot
prev_suf:incur_suf:29prev_word:incurrent_word:1929 next_word:and
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:'recurrent_word:encouraged next_word:by
prev_suf:idcur_suf:esprev_word:bidcurrent_word:surfaces next_word:.
prev_suf:oncur_suf:geprev_word:administrationcurrent_word:mortgage next_word:commitments
prev_suf:hecur_suf:rsprev_word:thecurrent_word:farmers next_word:and
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:federal next_word:financing
prev_suf:recur_suf:ntprev_word:werecurrent_word:subsequent next_word:discussions
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ewprev_word:tocurrent_word:review next_word:the
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:tsprev_word:financingcurrent_word:commitments next_word:for
prev_suf:dscur_suf:deprev_word:goodscurrent_word:outside next_word:firm
prev_suf:ilcur_suf:30prev_word:untilcurrent_word:5:30 next_word:a.m.
prev_suf::cur_suf:40prev_word::current_word:8.40 next_word:%
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:rsprev_word:warningcurrent_word:receivers next_word:.
prev_suf::cur_suf:49prev_word::current_word:8.49 next_word:%
prev_suf:nocur_suf:ngprev_word:nocurrent_word:fiddling next_word:with
prev_suf:mecur_suf:rsprev_word:stay-at-homecurrent_word:diners next_word:.
prev_suf:ercur_suf:esprev_word:othercurrent_word:cities next_word:.
prev_suf:tocur_suf:meprev_word:tocurrent_word:come next_word:for
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:onprev_word:ofcurrent_word:reaction next_word:to
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:acquiring next_word:more
prev_suf:itcur_suf:yaprev_word:visitcurrent_word:libya next_word:today
prev_suf:ercur_suf:cyprev_word:lessercurrent_word:efficiency next_word:in
prev_suf:aycur_suf:esprev_word:awaycurrent_word:successes next_word:to
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:region next_word:.
prev_suf:2cur_suf:arprev_word:2current_word:billion-a-year next_word:industry
prev_suf:rycur_suf:etprev_word:verycurrent_word:quiet next_word:.
prev_suf:excur_suf:ctprev_word:indexcurrent_word:contract next_word:had
prev_suf:nycur_suf:ryprev_word:antonycurrent_word:berry next_word:'s
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:orprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:senator next_word:pete
prev_suf:&cur_suf:auprev_word:&current_word:rosenau next_word:,
prev_suf:encur_suf:typrev_word:whencurrent_word:duty next_word:calls
prev_suf:incur_suf:orprev_word:incurrent_word:color next_word:print
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:onprev_word:andcurrent_word:continuation next_word:of
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:odprev_word:reviewcurrent_word:period next_word:for
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:stprev_word:shouldcurrent_word:insist next_word:that
prev_suf:ancur_suf:60prev_word:thancurrent_word:60 next_word:%
prev_suf:orcur_suf:62prev_word:orcurrent_word:62 next_word:seats
prev_suf:$cur_suf:63prev_word:$current_word:63 next_word:centrust
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.1prev_word:$current_word:279.1 next_word:million
prev_suf:utcur_suf:65prev_word:aboutcurrent_word:65 next_word:anti-toxic
prev_suf:atcur_suf:66prev_word:atcurrent_word:66 next_word:cents
prev_suf:nscur_suf:67prev_word:ownscurrent_word:67 next_word:%
prev_suf:orcur_suf:68prev_word:orcurrent_word:68 next_word:cents
prev_suf:orcur_suf:69prev_word:orcurrent_word:69 next_word:for
prev_suf:gecur_suf:reprev_word:exchangecurrent_word:100-share next_word:index
prev_suf:acur_suf:arprev_word:acurrent_word:two-year next_word:business
prev_suf:``cur_suf:ayprev_word:``current_word:runaway next_word:medical
prev_suf:ulcur_suf:zeprev_word:paulcurrent_word:nitze next_word:'s
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:inprev_word:donaldcurrent_word:selkin next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:onprev_word:andcurrent_word:jon next_word:m.
prev_suf:'scur_suf:00prev_word:'scurrent_word:500 next_word:common
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:neprev_word:ofcurrent_word:engine next_word:and
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:onprev_word:wrongcurrent_word:direction next_word:,
prev_suf:%cur_suf:seprev_word:%current_word:reimburse next_word:for
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:tiger next_word:up
prev_suf:cscur_suf:erprev_word:economicscurrent_word:minister next_word:jan
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ulprev_word:,current_word:careful next_word:look
prev_suf:iccur_suf:itprev_word:classiccurrent_word:spirit next_word:and
prev_suf:encur_suf:ngprev_word:beencurrent_word:paying next_word:an
prev_suf:ercur_suf:esprev_word:bakercurrent_word:hughes next_word:said
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:p.prev_word:STARTcurrent_word:j.p. next_word:industries
prev_suf:ilcur_suf:shprev_word:untilcurrent_word:cash next_word:by
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ldprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:arnold next_word:to
prev_suf:vecur_suf:stprev_word:havecurrent_word:cast next_word:a
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:movie-production next_word:company
prev_suf:secur_suf:neprev_word:intensecurrent_word:telephone next_word:company
prev_suf:ilcur_suf:ryprev_word:oilcurrent_word:refinery next_word:in
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:punched next_word:and
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:daprev_word:ofcurrent_word:bermuda next_word:to
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.3prev_word:$current_word:46.3 next_word:million
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ysprev_word:orderingcurrent_word:buys next_word:into
prev_suf:hecur_suf:tsprev_word:thecurrent_word:events next_word:,
prev_suf:stcur_suf:ekprev_word:pastcurrent_word:week next_word:and
prev_suf:oncur_suf:&aprev_word:oncurrent_word:m&a next_word:speculation
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:driver next_word:'s
prev_suf:stcur_suf:esprev_word:justcurrent_word:drives next_word:the
prev_suf:vecur_suf:orprev_word:executivecurrent_word:director next_word:,
prev_suf:nscur_suf:seprev_word:conditionscurrent_word:arose next_word:.
prev_suf:epcur_suf:ngprev_word:keepcurrent_word:changing next_word:the
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:vowed next_word:to
prev_suf:ctcur_suf:nsprev_word:productcurrent_word:breakdowns next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:zeprev_word:andcurrent_word:minimize next_word:price
prev_suf:edcur_suf:utprev_word:openedcurrent_word:without next_word:special
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:efprev_word:ofcurrent_word:relief next_word:over
prev_suf:secur_suf:tsprev_word:whosecurrent_word:components next_word:.
prev_suf:ircur_suf:typrev_word:theircurrent_word:inability next_word:to
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:99prev_word:yieldcurrent_word:6.99 next_word:%
prev_suf:iacur_suf:rsprev_word:columbiacurrent_word:researchers next_word:estimate
prev_suf:tocur_suf:enprev_word:tocurrent_word:when next_word:he
prev_suf:ercur_suf:edprev_word:computercurrent_word:guided next_word:helped
prev_suf:edcur_suf:alprev_word:ruledcurrent_word:unconstitutional next_word:,
prev_suf:'cur_suf:nsprev_word:'current_word:actions next_word:that
prev_suf:etcur_suf:edprev_word:yetcurrent_word:captured next_word:traders
prev_suf:stcur_suf:owprev_word:latestcurrent_word:blow next_word:to
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ntprev_word:'scurrent_word:announcement next_word:that
prev_suf:etcur_suf:seprev_word:netcurrent_word:rose next_word:a
prev_suf:chcur_suf:msprev_word:whichcurrent_word:seems next_word:likely
prev_suf:escur_suf:ptprev_word:sharescurrent_word:except next_word:through
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:dangerouslycurrent_word:poised next_word:...
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:scheduled next_word:because
prev_suf:orcur_suf:onprev_word:forcurrent_word:inflation next_word:,
prev_suf:aycur_suf:erprev_word:jaycurrent_word:goldinger next_word:,
prev_suf:rkcur_suf:esprev_word:workcurrent_word:schedules next_word:.
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:largelycurrent_word:confined next_word:to
prev_suf:elcur_suf:edprev_word:panelcurrent_word:accepted next_word:the
prev_suf:fecur_suf:ngprev_word:safecurrent_word:packaging next_word:and
prev_suf:arcur_suf:llprev_word:nearcurrent_word:standstill next_word:trading
prev_suf:tecur_suf:hsprev_word:black-and-whitecurrent_word:photographs next_word:.
prev_suf:aycur_suf:lfprev_word:displaycurrent_word:shelf next_word:cards
prev_suf:oncur_suf:edprev_word:oncurrent_word:reduced next_word:exports
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:shunned next_word:entrepreneurial
prev_suf:,cur_suf:idprev_word:,current_word:madrid next_word:last
prev_suf:secur_suf:onprev_word:intensecurrent_word:competition next_word:--
prev_suf:encur_suf:edprev_word:beencurrent_word:provided next_word:little
prev_suf:hncur_suf:etprev_word:johncurrent_word:verret next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:eyprev_word:tradercurrent_word:dudley next_word:eppel
prev_suf:nocur_suf:alprev_word:nocurrent_word:legal next_word:battle
prev_suf:uscur_suf:onprev_word:dangerouscurrent_word:depletion next_word:of
prev_suf:stcur_suf:nkprev_word:firstcurrent_word:republicbank next_word:corp.
prev_suf:gecur_suf:esprev_word:leveragecurrent_word:provides next_word:$
prev_suf:,cur_suf:erprev_word:,current_word:provider next_word:of
prev_suf:edcur_suf:poprev_word:marxist-dominatedcurrent_word:swapo next_word:extremists
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:edprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:freed next_word:black
prev_suf:atcur_suf:00prev_word:atcurrent_word:2600 next_word:,
prev_suf:'scur_suf:stprev_word:'scurrent_word:winningest next_word:pitcher
prev_suf:edcur_suf:onprev_word:countedcurrent_word:on next_word:invested
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:subdued next_word:as
prev_suf:rscur_suf:ofprev_word:memberscurrent_word:of next_word:applied
prev_suf:wecur_suf:ndprev_word:wecurrent_word:stand next_word:''
prev_suf:oncur_suf:fsprev_word:oncurrent_word:tariffs next_word:and
prev_suf:nkcur_suf:orprev_word:bankcurrent_word:or next_word:$
prev_suf:itcur_suf:tsprev_word:creditcurrent_word:instruments next_word:typically
prev_suf:escur_suf:erprev_word:jamescurrent_word:garner next_word:votes
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:rising next_word:.
prev_suf:lpcur_suf:neprev_word:helpcurrent_word:determine next_word:whether
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:traderscurrent_word:speculated next_word:that
prev_suf:ascur_suf:lyprev_word:wascurrent_word:strictly next_word:a
prev_suf:utcur_suf:reprev_word:outcurrent_word:there next_word:was
prev_suf:eecur_suf:onprev_word:employeecurrent_word:relocation next_word:council
prev_suf:j.cur_suf:ldprev_word:j.current_word:blumenfeld next_word:,
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:deteriorating next_word:junk-bond
prev_suf:eecur_suf:eyprev_word:tennesseecurrent_word:valley next_word:is
prev_suf:oncur_suf:riprev_word:millioncurrent_word:potpourri next_word:for
prev_suf:tocur_suf:esprev_word:tocurrent_word:municipalities next_word:that
prev_suf:ascur_suf:50prev_word:hascurrent_word:750 next_word:workers
prev_suf:$cur_suf:57prev_word:$current_word:757 next_word:million
prev_suf:oncur_suf:lsprev_word:oncurrent_word:fundamentals next_word:.
prev_suf:ercur_suf:etprev_word:19-membercurrent_word:cabinet next_word:is
prev_suf:tocur_suf:teprev_word:tocurrent_word:promote next_word:the
prev_suf:encur_suf:erprev_word:evencurrent_word:faster next_word:than
prev_suf:#cur_suf:98prev_word:#current_word:18.98 next_word:million
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ceprev_word:ofcurrent_word:life-insurance next_word:products
prev_suf:socur_suf:lyprev_word:socurrent_word:strongly next_word:to
prev_suf:incur_suf:isprev_word:incurrent_word:minneapolis next_word:,
prev_suf:--cur_suf:inprev_word:--current_word:britain next_word:.
prev_suf:elcur_suf:csprev_word:pork-barrelcurrent_word:politics next_word:better
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:blues next_word:,
prev_suf:utcur_suf:.5prev_word:aboutcurrent_word:4.5 next_word:million
prev_suf:utcur_suf:.7prev_word:aboutcurrent_word:4.7 next_word:%
prev_suf:ascur_suf:.6prev_word:hascurrent_word:4.6 next_word:%
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.2prev_word:$current_word:4.2 next_word:billion
prev_suf:dycur_suf:enprev_word:andycurrent_word:rosen next_word:.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:5prev_word:$current_word:5 next_word:,
prev_suf:vacur_suf:edprev_word:vacurrent_word:requested next_word:an
prev_suf:nscur_suf:ayprev_word:obligationscurrent_word:may next_word:be
prev_suf:tocur_suf:teprev_word:tocurrent_word:separate next_word:,
prev_suf:awcur_suf:esprev_word:lawcurrent_word:includes next_word:constitutional
prev_suf:ercur_suf:edprev_word:quartercurrent_word:included next_word:in
prev_suf:,cur_suf:orprev_word:,current_word:creditor next_word:lawsuits
prev_suf:iccur_suf:ksprev_word:specificcurrent_word:stocks next_word:after
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.5prev_word:$current_word:20.5 next_word:million
prev_suf:iscur_suf:edprev_word:iscurrent_word:booked next_word:solid
prev_suf:,cur_suf:eeprev_word:,current_word:mcnamee next_word:wcrs
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:lsprev_word:ofcurrent_word:calls next_word:for
prev_suf:llcur_suf:stprev_word:willcurrent_word:invest next_word:in
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:dsprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:odds next_word:and
prev_suf:tscur_suf:rsprev_word:itscurrent_word:directors next_word:in
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:elprev_word:heldcurrent_word:apparel next_word:sold
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:tsprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:transports next_word:plunged
prev_suf:,cur_suf:llprev_word:,current_word:all next_word:make
prev_suf:tocur_suf:owprev_word:tocurrent_word:follow next_word:.
prev_suf:cecur_suf:ntprev_word:peacecurrent_word:settlement next_word:to
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:nsprev_word:managementcurrent_word:decisions next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ntprev_word:lowercurrent_word:apartment next_word:construction
prev_suf:etcur_suf:tsprev_word:marketcurrent_word:participants next_word:behaved
prev_suf:lecur_suf:esprev_word:possiblecurrent_word:opportunities next_word:for
prev_suf:lycur_suf:amprev_word:particularlycurrent_word:program next_word:.
prev_suf:recur_suf:rsprev_word:agriculturecurrent_word:lawmakers next_word:representing
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:crest next_word:report
prev_suf:llcur_suf:edprev_word:stillcurrent_word:tethered next_word:to
prev_suf:lecur_suf:esprev_word:low-profilecurrent_word:activities next_word:during
prev_suf:rscur_suf:seprev_word:matterscurrent_word:worse next_word:than
prev_suf:hecur_suf:anprev_word:thecurrent_word:egyptian next_word:president
prev_suf:,cur_suf:arprev_word:,current_word:far next_word:ahead
prev_suf:&cur_suf:nsprev_word:&current_word:sons next_word:inc.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:worst next_word:of
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:nyprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:sony next_word:'s
prev_suf:acur_suf:adprev_word:acurrent_word:fad next_word:.
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ngprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:treating next_word:diabetes
prev_suf:stcur_suf:ntprev_word:firstcurrent_word:dispute-settlement next_word:panel
prev_suf:fecur_suf:stprev_word:safecurrent_word:list next_word:of
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:enprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:ten next_word:minutes
prev_suf:encur_suf:erprev_word:evencurrent_word:harder next_word:than
prev_suf:hecur_suf:.6prev_word:thecurrent_word:90.6 next_word:%
prev_suf:stcur_suf:teprev_word:interestcurrent_word:rate next_word:of
prev_suf:owcur_suf:atprev_word:knowcurrent_word:what next_word:was
prev_suf:hecur_suf:umprev_word:thecurrent_word:sum next_word:is
prev_suf:thcur_suf:ryprev_word:150thcurrent_word:anniversary next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:shprev_word:thecurrent_word:crush next_word:of
prev_suf:ercur_suf:onprev_word:powdercurrent_word:version next_word:reflects
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ftprev_word:orcurrent_word:thrift next_word:industry
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:toprev_word:vincentcurrent_word:sombrotto next_word:accuses
prev_suf:acur_suf:olprev_word:acurrent_word:high-school next_word:education
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:wsprev_word:warrantcurrent_word:allows next_word:you
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ngprev_word:tocurrent_word:reincorporating next_word:the
prev_suf:,cur_suf:39prev_word:,current_word:560,839 next_word:shares
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:nsprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:options next_word:trader
prev_suf:vecur_suf:ssprev_word:reservecurrent_word:tightness next_word:;
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:lyprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:suddenly next_word:burst
prev_suf:ercur_suf:nsprev_word:computercurrent_word:screens next_word:posted
prev_suf:atcur_suf:48prev_word:atcurrent_word:74.48 next_word:cents
prev_suf:$cur_suf:75prev_word:$current_word:56.875 next_word:,
prev_suf:mecur_suf:esprev_word:homecurrent_word:appliances next_word:said
prev_suf:,cur_suf:a.prev_word:,current_word:fla. next_word:)
prev_suf:stcur_suf:ceprev_word:medalistcurrent_word:florence next_word:griffith-joyner
prev_suf:bycur_suf:rdprev_word:bycurrent_word:clifford next_word:parker
prev_suf:tocur_suf:edprev_word:tocurrent_word:proceed next_word:with
prev_suf:'cur_suf:tsprev_word:'current_word:donuts next_word:is
prev_suf:ascur_suf:45prev_word:wascurrent_word:5.245 next_word:%
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:nsprev_word:biddingcurrent_word:widens next_word:it
prev_suf:ercur_suf:tsprev_word:computercurrent_word:markets next_word:that
prev_suf:hecur_suf:orprev_word:thecurrent_word:minor next_word:points
prev_suf:oncur_suf:atprev_word:sessioncurrent_word:flat next_word:to
prev_suf:hocur_suf:wsprev_word:whocurrent_word:knows next_word:?
prev_suf:iscur_suf:raprev_word:franciscurrent_word:palamara next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ckprev_word:tocurrent_word:stick next_word:their
prev_suf:,cur_suf:wnprev_word:,current_word:known next_word:in
prev_suf:recur_suf:neprev_word:morecurrent_word:mundane next_word:,
prev_suf:elcur_suf:orprev_word:elcurrent_word:salvador next_word:'s
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:onprev_word:hot-coldcurrent_word:equation next_word:remains
prev_suf:avcur_suf:vprev_word:olavcurrent_word:v next_word:installed
prev_suf:ancur_suf:nsprev_word:loancurrent_word:originations next_word:to
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:edprev_word:goldcurrent_word:salted next_word:away
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:prompting next_word:cheers
prev_suf:lscur_suf:seprev_word:proposalscurrent_word:arise next_word:for
prev_suf:o.cur_suf:ngprev_word:co.current_word:swung next_word:to
prev_suf:lscur_suf:rtprev_word:appealscurrent_word:court next_word:in
prev_suf:oncur_suf:alprev_word:productioncurrent_word:goal next_word:,
prev_suf:escur_suf:erprev_word:ourselvescurrent_word:rather next_word:than
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:lyprev_word:runningcurrent_word:occasionally next_word:in
prev_suf:)cur_suf:nsprev_word:)current_word:explains next_word:sheila
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:18prev_word:ofcurrent_word:618 next_word:hospitals
prev_suf:encur_suf:chprev_word:mcchickencurrent_word:sandwich next_word:this
prev_suf:orcur_suf:heprev_word:forcurrent_word:hessische next_word:landesbank
prev_suf:$cur_suf:15prev_word:$current_word:615 next_word:million
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ctprev_word:resultscurrent_word:reflect next_word:doubt
prev_suf:iocur_suf:reprev_word:radiocurrent_word:adventure next_word:shows
prev_suf:acur_suf:rtprev_word:acurrent_word:short next_word:of
prev_suf:recur_suf:lyprev_word:arecurrent_word:chiefly next_word:in
prev_suf:edcur_suf:naprev_word:depressedcurrent_word:arizona next_word:market
prev_suf:ancur_suf:rtprev_word:canadiancurrent_word:fish-export next_word:restrictions
prev_suf:incur_suf:erprev_word:incurrent_word:september next_word:,
prev_suf:pscur_suf:edprev_word:tipscurrent_word:developed next_word:a
prev_suf:ircur_suf:onprev_word:theircurrent_word:mission next_word:is
prev_suf:incur_suf:eeprev_word:incurrent_word:milwaukee next_word:.
prev_suf:thcur_suf:ueprev_word:seventhcurrent_word:avenue next_word:,
prev_suf:ptcur_suf:esprev_word:acceptcurrent_word:inquiries next_word:from
prev_suf:orcur_suf:ckprev_word:nestorcurrent_word:hinzack next_word:,
prev_suf:nscur_suf:leprev_word:remainscurrent_word:susceptible next_word:to
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ngprev_word:'scurrent_word:retailing next_word:outlets
prev_suf:iocur_suf:ssprev_word:ohiocurrent_word:mattress next_word:and
prev_suf:ancur_suf:rtprev_word:egyptiancurrent_word:resort next_word:of
prev_suf:ercur_suf:tsprev_word:othercurrent_word:parts next_word:of
prev_suf:escur_suf:esprev_word:jonescurrent_word:disagrees next_word:with
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:enprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:stephen next_word:boesel
prev_suf:tocur_suf:naprev_word:tocurrent_word:argentina next_word:would
prev_suf:atcur_suf:htprev_word:thatcurrent_word:might next_word:be
prev_suf:incur_suf:rnprev_word:incurrent_word:return next_word:on
prev_suf:encur_suf:ceprev_word:suddencurrent_word:reappearance next_word:of
prev_suf:orcur_suf:leprev_word:orcurrent_word:belittle next_word:''
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ldprev_word:'scurrent_word:three-year-old next_word:labor
prev_suf:edcur_suf:lyprev_word:provedcurrent_word:intolerably next_word:expensive
prev_suf:,cur_suf:exprev_word:,current_word:inpex next_word:sumatra
prev_suf:87cur_suf:leprev_word:1987current_word:debacle next_word:was
prev_suf:``cur_suf:thprev_word:``current_word:12th next_word:century
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:hammering next_word:stocks
prev_suf:atcur_suf:.2prev_word:atcurrent_word:526.2 next_word:million
prev_suf:necur_suf:lyprev_word:declinecurrent_word:steeply next_word:for
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:erprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:colder next_word:weather
prev_suf:,cur_suf:erprev_word:,current_word:schlumberger next_word:rose
prev_suf:tscur_suf:00prev_word:representscurrent_word:40,000 next_word:nynex
prev_suf:llcur_suf:ctprev_word:stillcurrent_word:expect next_word:weather
prev_suf:recur_suf:esprev_word:wherecurrent_word:wages next_word:are
prev_suf:mecur_suf:edprev_word:somecurrent_word:wondered next_word:whether
prev_suf:orcur_suf:icprev_word:forcurrent_word:hydraulic next_word:tools
prev_suf:iccur_suf:thprev_word:academiccurrent_word:health next_word:insurance
prev_suf:hecur_suf:llprev_word:thecurrent_word:hill next_word:for
prev_suf:cecur_suf:ngprev_word:financecurrent_word:remodeling next_word:and
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:loprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:danilo next_word:kis
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ayprev_word:ofcurrent_word:friday next_word:'s
prev_suf:edcur_suf:05prev_word:declinedcurrent_word:3.05 next_word:cents
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ryprev_word:testingcurrent_word:home-delivery next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:atprev_word:thecurrent_word:threat next_word:of
prev_suf:adcur_suf:enprev_word:hadcurrent_word:fallen next_word:,
prev_suf:hocur_suf:wsprev_word:whocurrent_word:throws next_word:an
prev_suf:hecur_suf:elprev_word:thecurrent_word:bushel next_word:on
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:seeming next_word:contradiction
prev_suf:tocur_suf:elprev_word:tocurrent_word:feel next_word:black
prev_suf:uscur_suf:alprev_word:variouscurrent_word:radical next_word:environmental
prev_suf:wocur_suf:etprev_word:twocurrent_word:feet next_word:deep
prev_suf:tocur_suf:fyprev_word:tocurrent_word:notify next_word:the
prev_suf:ercur_suf:esprev_word:othercurrent_word:fees next_word:,
prev_suf:itcur_suf:ysprev_word:itcurrent_word:says next_word:.
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ryprev_word:relatedcurrent_word:story next_word::
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:leading next_word:shirt
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:financed next_word:under
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:onprev_word:ofcurrent_word:regulation next_word:had
prev_suf:hecur_suf:lsprev_word:thecurrent_word:rails next_word:''
prev_suf:hecur_suf:rmprev_word:thecurrent_word:storm next_word:approached
prev_suf:rycur_suf:reprev_word:grocerycurrent_word:store next_word:operator
prev_suf:%cur_suf:onprev_word:%current_word:option next_word:to
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:werecurrent_word:relieved next_word:that
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:exploded next_word:upward
prev_suf:atcur_suf:97prev_word:atcurrent_word:13.97 next_word:cents
prev_suf:'scur_suf:stprev_word:'scurrent_word:second-biggest next_word:producer
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ngprev_word:'scurrent_word:king next_word:olav
prev_suf:atcur_suf:ndprev_word:thatcurrent_word:kind next_word:of
prev_suf:hscur_suf:edprev_word:monthscurrent_word:widened next_word:to
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:riprev_word:andcurrent_word:widuri next_word:field
prev_suf:utcur_suf:leprev_word:aboutcurrent_word:double next_word:the
prev_suf:edcur_suf:onprev_word:reducedcurrent_word:instruction next_word:set
prev_suf:thcur_suf:edprev_word:growthcurrent_word:slowed next_word:to
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:midmorning next_word:rebound
prev_suf:escur_suf:ngprev_word:sharescurrent_word:outstanding next_word:.
prev_suf:escur_suf:keprev_word:conservativescurrent_word:alike next_word:with
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:cleaned next_word:up
prev_suf:tecur_suf:onprev_word:petecurrent_word:wilson next_word:,
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:erprev_word:ofcurrent_word:rochester next_word:institute
prev_suf:etcur_suf:edprev_word:marketcurrent_word:cropped next_word:dresdner
prev_suf:encur_suf:esprev_word:chickencurrent_word:sandwiches next_word:for
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ngprev_word:andcurrent_word:finding next_word:workers
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:added next_word:.
prev_suf:alcur_suf:icprev_word:generalcurrent_word:electric next_word:co.
prev_suf:gecur_suf:gsprev_word:labor-shortagecurrent_word:warnings next_word:,
prev_suf:tocur_suf:onprev_word:tocurrent_word:reckon next_word:with
prev_suf:elcur_suf:anprev_word:emanuelcurrent_word:goldman next_word:,
prev_suf:tycur_suf:esprev_word:safetycurrent_word:measures next_word:.
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:chprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:reach next_word:the
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:ctprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:react next_word:to
prev_suf:acur_suf:teprev_word:acurrent_word:cigarette next_word:.
prev_suf:llcur_suf:75prev_word:fellcurrent_word:75 next_word:cents
prev_suf:,cur_suf:74prev_word:,current_word:74 next_word:,
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:shareholder next_word:value
prev_suf:utcur_suf:72prev_word:aboutcurrent_word:72 next_word:%
prev_suf:ancur_suf:70prev_word:thancurrent_word:70 next_word:%
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ngprev_word:seeingcurrent_word:nothing next_word:present
prev_suf:00cur_suf:ntprev_word:350,000current_word:achievement next_word:award
prev_suf:acur_suf:lyprev_word:acurrent_word:stately next_word:circle
prev_suf:ercur_suf:rsprev_word:othercurrent_word:dealers next_word:by
prev_suf:edcur_suf:wsprev_word:cleanedcurrent_word:windows next_word:and
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ldprev_word:thecurrent_word:45-year-old next_word:former
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.5prev_word:$current_word:148.5 next_word:million
prev_suf:'scur_suf:taprev_word:'scurrent_word:wichita next_word:,
prev_suf:orcur_suf:alprev_word:forcurrent_word:traditional next_word:haven
prev_suf:igcur_suf:nsprev_word:bigcurrent_word:institutions next_word:resumed
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:erprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:painewebber next_word:had
prev_suf:atcur_suf:25prev_word:atcurrent_word:10:25 next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:tcprev_word:thecurrent_word:rtc next_word:is
prev_suf:omcur_suf:geprev_word:fromcurrent_word:large next_word:stock
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.7prev_word:$current_word:289.7 next_word:million
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:costing next_word:the
prev_suf:edcur_suf:isprev_word:resignedcurrent_word:his next_word:first
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ngprev_word:'scurrent_word:founding next_word:treaty
prev_suf:odcur_suf:nsprev_word:goodcurrent_word:gains next_word:in
prev_suf:emcur_suf:ndprev_word:harlemcurrent_word:brundtland next_word:'s
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:mortgage-backed next_word:issues
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:fastest next_word:and
prev_suf:tocur_suf:imprev_word:tocurrent_word:him next_word:replaced
prev_suf:etcur_suf:typrev_word:marketcurrent_word:activity next_word:in
prev_suf:ancur_suf:erprev_word:ancurrent_word:underachiever next_word:into
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:teprev_word:andcurrent_word:wrote next_word:another
prev_suf:encur_suf:rsprev_word:whencurrent_word:bars next_word:the
prev_suf:edcur_suf:rtprev_word:calledcurrent_word:bart next_word:(
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:mpprev_word:andcurrent_word:dump next_word:everything
prev_suf:encur_suf:edprev_word:beencurrent_word:achieved next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ceprev_word:thecurrent_word:intelligence next_word:agency
prev_suf:shcur_suf:geprev_word:bullishcurrent_word:upsurge next_word:in
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.9prev_word:$current_word:2.9 next_word:billion
prev_suf:llcur_suf:seprev_word:allcurrent_word:defense next_word:contractor
prev_suf:atcur_suf:reprev_word:thatcurrent_word:are next_word:cluett
prev_suf:lycur_suf:.3prev_word:nearlycurrent_word:2.3 next_word:million
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.2prev_word:$current_word:2.2 next_word:%
prev_suf:orcur_suf:.7prev_word:orcurrent_word:2.7 next_word:million
prev_suf:acur_suf:.6prev_word:acurrent_word:2.6 next_word:million
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.5prev_word:$current_word:2.5 next_word:%
prev_suf:acur_suf:.4prev_word:acurrent_word:2.4 next_word:million
prev_suf:encur_suf:ngprev_word:beencurrent_word:underpinning next_word:prices
prev_suf:wocur_suf:rnprev_word:twocurrent_word:forlorn next_word:blue
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:slapped next_word:stanley
prev_suf:omcur_suf:nsprev_word:fromcurrent_word:unions next_word:and
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:usprev_word:andcurrent_word:various next_word:labels
prev_suf:$cur_suf:25prev_word:$current_word:44.625 next_word:,
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:orprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:nestor next_word:hinzack
prev_suf:edcur_suf:usprev_word:noticedcurrent_word:numerous next_word:requests
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:lyprev_word:andcurrent_word:recently next_word:bought
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:creating next_word:a
prev_suf:elcur_suf:eyprev_word:nigelcurrent_word:longley next_word:,
prev_suf:dacur_suf:lyprev_word:canadacurrent_word:initially next_word:acquire
prev_suf:recur_suf:ldprev_word:arecurrent_word:sold next_word:much
prev_suf:'cur_suf:onprev_word:'current_word:attention next_word:,
prev_suf:rtcur_suf:edprev_word:passportcurrent_word:confiscated next_word:.
prev_suf:30cur_suf:s.prev_word:30current_word:days. next_word:
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:edprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:succeed next_word:c.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:opposition next_word:party
prev_suf:alcur_suf:seprev_word:regionalcurrent_word:franchise next_word:agreements
prev_suf:lecur_suf:deprev_word:possiblecurrent_word:prelude next_word:to
prev_suf:tocur_suf:cprev_word:tocurrent_word:c next_word:.
prev_suf:llcur_suf:seprev_word:willcurrent_word:license next_word:its
prev_suf:itcur_suf:meprev_word:itcurrent_word:became next_word:chairman
prev_suf:,cur_suf:esprev_word:,current_word:regulates next_word:the
prev_suf:ascur_suf:nsprev_word:ascurrent_word:reasons next_word:to
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:epprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:sweep next_word:the
prev_suf:ancur_suf:enprev_word:adriancurrent_word:sween next_word:,
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:erprev_word:couldcurrent_word:bolster next_word:the
prev_suf:%cur_suf:neprev_word:%current_word:decline next_word:yesterday
prev_suf:idcur_suf:alprev_word:amidcurrent_word:political next_word:prisoners
prev_suf:escur_suf:ueprev_word:debenturescurrent_word:due next_word:for
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:gyprev_word:morningcurrent_word:strategy next_word:announced
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:omprev_word:ofcurrent_word:whom next_word:spent
prev_suf:alcur_suf:onprev_word:substantialcurrent_word:reduction next_word:in
prev_suf:recur_suf:esprev_word:baltimorecurrent_word:orioles next_word:innocent
prev_suf:oncur_suf:htprev_word:billioncurrent_word:flight next_word:because
prev_suf:aycur_suf:rsprev_word:paycurrent_word:brokers next_word:on
prev_suf:alcur_suf:ndprev_word:unusualcurrent_word:demand next_word:for
prev_suf:tecur_suf:geprev_word:despitecurrent_word:labor-shortage next_word:warnings
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:erprev_word:ofcurrent_word:perrier next_word:water
prev_suf:htcur_suf:enprev_word:eightcurrent_word:stolen next_word:bases
prev_suf:recur_suf:enprev_word:werecurrent_word:frozen next_word:with
prev_suf:tocur_suf:62prev_word:tocurrent_word:29.62 next_word:billion
prev_suf:orcur_suf:typrev_word:orcurrent_word:civility next_word:.
prev_suf:aycur_suf:rsprev_word:baycurrent_word:bashers next_word:that
prev_suf:tecur_suf:orprev_word:corporatecurrent_word:behavior next_word:through
prev_suf:rdcur_suf:p.prev_word:richardcurrent_word:p. next_word:simmons
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:rsprev_word:andcurrent_word:engineers next_word:.
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.7prev_word:$current_word:19.7 next_word:million
prev_suf:vecur_suf:ceprev_word:gavecurrent_word:credence next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.2prev_word:$current_word:19.2 next_word:million
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.9prev_word:$current_word:19.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ngprev_word:mildlycurrent_word:disappointing next_word:.
prev_suf:alcur_suf:leprev_word:potentialcurrent_word:obstacle next_word:to
prev_suf:acur_suf:icprev_word:acurrent_word:frantic next_word:wall
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:esprev_word:shiftingcurrent_word:alliances next_word:between
prev_suf:hecur_suf:enprev_word:thecurrent_word:computer-driven next_word:strategies
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:rtprev_word:leadingcurrent_word:shirt next_word:maker
prev_suf:ancur_suf:esprev_word:chairmancurrent_word:james next_word:norman
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ngprev_word:ofcurrent_word:fading next_word:into
prev_suf:encur_suf:lyprev_word:beencurrent_word:widely next_word:publicized
prev_suf:ghcur_suf:9prev_word:throughcurrent_word:9 next_word:%
prev_suf:lycur_suf:erprev_word:sharplycurrent_word:higher next_word:reported
prev_suf:shcur_suf:wsprev_word:cashcurrent_word:flows next_word:.
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:'recurrent_word:moving next_word:in
prev_suf:encur_suf:stprev_word:beencurrent_word:robust next_word:demand
prev_suf:,cur_suf:odprev_word:,current_word:third-period next_word:net
prev_suf:aycur_suf:erprev_word:paycurrent_word:lower next_word:,
prev_suf:``cur_suf:dyprev_word:``current_word:anybody next_word:can
prev_suf:hecur_suf:geprev_word:thecurrent_word:edge next_word:of
prev_suf:escur_suf:edprev_word:pricescurrent_word:bounced next_word:back
prev_suf:crcur_suf:atprev_word:tcrcurrent_word:sumat next_word:a.g.
prev_suf:ilcur_suf:edprev_word:councilcurrent_word:polled next_word:,
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:awprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:laidlaw next_word:is
prev_suf:escur_suf:lyprev_word:quotescurrent_word:immediately next_word:jumped
prev_suf:ancur_suf:veprev_word:cancurrent_word:move next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:rsprev_word:requirecurrent_word:workers next_word:fell
prev_suf:secur_suf:orprev_word:defensecurrent_word:contractor next_word:.
prev_suf:socur_suf:lyprev_word:socurrent_word:profitably next_word:.
prev_suf:orcur_suf:rsprev_word:majorcurrent_word:customers next_word:.
prev_suf:atcur_suf:dyprev_word:atcurrent_word:moody next_word:'s
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:lyprev_word:soldcurrent_word:separately next_word:,
prev_suf:idcur_suf:urprev_word:saidcurrent_word:arthur next_word:.
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:erprev_word:newcurrent_word:yorker next_word:who
prev_suf:omcur_suf:reprev_word:fromcurrent_word:grocery-store next_word:convenience
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:tsprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:tax-exempts next_word:started
prev_suf:ascur_suf:ngprev_word:wascurrent_word:stagnating next_word:under
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.7prev_word:$current_word:3.7 next_word:million
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.4prev_word:$current_word:3.4 next_word:billion
prev_suf:lycur_suf:.5prev_word:nearlycurrent_word:3.5 next_word:%
prev_suf:lycur_suf:.2prev_word:onlycurrent_word:3.2 next_word:%
prev_suf:utcur_suf:.3prev_word:aboutcurrent_word:3.3 next_word:%
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.1prev_word:$current_word:3.1 next_word:million
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ndprev_word:'scurrent_word:wonderland next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:newsletter next_word:.
prev_suf:tacur_suf:esprev_word:pastacurrent_word:sauces next_word:.
prev_suf:vecur_suf:.9prev_word:receivecurrent_word:3.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:lyprev_word:ofcurrent_word:gradually next_word:building
prev_suf:,cur_suf:rsprev_word:,current_word:compressors next_word:,
prev_suf:rkcur_suf:dsprev_word:porkcurrent_word:tends next_word:to
prev_suf:tocur_suf:odprev_word:tocurrent_word:prod next_word:congress
prev_suf:'scur_suf:rdprev_word:'scurrent_word:ilford next_word:,
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:refused next_word:to
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ngprev_word:ofcurrent_word:account-churning next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:65prev_word:$current_word:4.65 next_word:a
prev_suf:$cur_suf:67prev_word:$current_word:4.67 next_word:a
prev_suf:mecur_suf:erprev_word:sometimecurrent_word:raider next_word:donald
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:seprev_word:citingcurrent_word:intense next_word:telephone
prev_suf:hecur_suf:idprev_word:thecurrent_word:vivid next_word:memories
prev_suf:encur_suf:ntprev_word:beencurrent_word:dormant next_word:and
prev_suf:edcur_suf:rsprev_word:angeles-basedcurrent_word:guber-peters next_word:'s
prev_suf:edcur_suf:neprev_word:preventedcurrent_word:pipeline next_word:firms
prev_suf:recur_suf:usprev_word:arecurrent_word:cautious next_word:.
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ngprev_word:aftercurrent_word:completing next_word:the
prev_suf:acur_suf:geprev_word:acurrent_word:range next_word:and
prev_suf:bycur_suf:10prev_word:bycurrent_word:10:10 next_word:,
prev_suf:encur_suf:edprev_word:thencurrent_word:drifted next_word:lower
prev_suf:tscur_suf:esprev_word:itscurrent_word:inventories next_word:last
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ayprev_word:itscurrent_word:intraday next_word:high
prev_suf:acur_suf:onprev_word:acurrent_word:question next_word:is
prev_suf:wncur_suf:stprev_word:downcurrent_word:fast next_word:track
prev_suf:t.cur_suf:weprev_word:t.current_word:rowe next_word:price
prev_suf:secur_suf:leprev_word:coursecurrent_word:conceivable next_word:that
prev_suf:hecur_suf:goprev_word:thecurrent_word:year-ago next_word:figure
prev_suf:etcur_suf:geprev_word:stock-marketcurrent_word:plunge next_word:.
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:esprev_word:importantcurrent_word:fisheries next_word:.
prev_suf:rscur_suf:lyprev_word:memberscurrent_word:repeatedly next_word:since
prev_suf:picur_suf:taprev_word:mississippicurrent_word:delta next_word:during
prev_suf:omcur_suf:ngprev_word:fromcurrent_word:raising next_word:fears
prev_suf:$cur_suf:00prev_word:$current_word:955,000 next_word:,
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:rmprev_word:amongcurrent_word:shorter-term next_word:treasury
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ssprev_word:tocurrent_word:redress next_word:that
prev_suf:hecur_suf:anprev_word:thecurrent_word:schoeneman next_word:division
prev_suf:'scur_suf:edprev_word:'scurrent_word:fried next_word:chicken
prev_suf:aycur_suf:edprev_word:subwaycurrent_word:called next_word:for
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ipprev_word:tocurrent_word:bluechip next_word:australian
prev_suf:lycur_suf:veprev_word:potentiallycurrent_word:divisive next_word:''
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ngprev_word:lasercurrent_word:warning next_word:receivers
prev_suf:edcur_suf:lyprev_word:street-inspiredcurrent_word:rally next_word:only
prev_suf:tocur_suf:erprev_word:intocurrent_word:steeper next_word:losses
prev_suf:hecur_suf:veprev_word:thecurrent_word:tentative next_word:agreement
prev_suf:tocur_suf:19prev_word:tocurrent_word:119 next_word:days
prev_suf:acur_suf:ceprev_word:acurrent_word:peace next_word:accord
prev_suf:$cur_suf:reprev_word:$current_word:10-a-share next_word:proposal
prev_suf:etcur_suf:meprev_word:netcurrent_word:income next_word:of
prev_suf:ascur_suf:roprev_word:ascurrent_word:gro next_word:harlem
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:rsprev_word:providingcurrent_word:users next_word:a
prev_suf:$cur_suf:63prev_word:$current_word:5.163 next_word:.
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:msprev_word:paymentcurrent_word:problems next_word:.
prev_suf:,cur_suf:rgprev_word:,current_word:drg next_word:--
prev_suf:--cur_suf:ngprev_word:--current_word:meaning next_word:that
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ngprev_word:andcurrent_word:allowing next_word:it
prev_suf:vecur_suf:ceprev_word:executivecurrent_word:vice next_word:president
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:saprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:nasa next_word:resumed
prev_suf:stcur_suf:ceprev_word:leastcurrent_word:once next_word:the
prev_suf:btcur_suf:edprev_word:debtcurrent_word:issued next_word:by
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:veprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:steve next_word:clark
prev_suf:oscur_suf:edprev_word:loscurrent_word:angeles-based next_word:lincoln
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:gang next_word:that
prev_suf:m.cur_suf:dtprev_word:p.m.current_word:edt next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ntprev_word:aftercurrent_word:adjustment next_word:for
prev_suf:mecur_suf:esprev_word:somecurrent_word:issues next_word:,
prev_suf:'scur_suf:onprev_word:'scurrent_word:simon next_word:said
prev_suf:excur_suf:16prev_word:indexcurrent_word:130.16 next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:stprev_word:morecurrent_word:special-interest next_word:spending
prev_suf:ghcur_suf:alprev_word:throughcurrent_word:disposal next_word:site
prev_suf:lycur_suf:leprev_word:highlycurrent_word:stable next_word:.
prev_suf:rscur_suf:deprev_word:backerscurrent_word:include next_word:businesses
prev_suf:acur_suf:ngprev_word:acurrent_word:breathing next_word:period
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:esprev_word:includingcurrent_word:yves next_word:saint
prev_suf:'cur_suf:esprev_word:'current_word:wishes next_word:come
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:edprev_word:newcurrent_word:york-based next_word:regional
prev_suf:$cur_suf:50prev_word:$current_word:18.50 next_word:,
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:esprev_word:includingcurrent_word:notes next_word:sold
prev_suf:lscur_suf:esprev_word:dealscurrent_word:underscores next_word:the
prev_suf:ercur_suf:lsprev_word:takeovercurrent_word:deals next_word:.
prev_suf:oucur_suf:?prev_word:youcurrent_word:? next_word:)
prev_suf:acur_suf:eeprev_word:acurrent_word:braintree next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:arecurrent_word:concluded next_word:by
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:erprev_word:ofcurrent_word:smaller next_word:in
prev_suf:nocur_suf:llprev_word:nocurrent_word:free-fall next_word:declines
prev_suf:rdcur_suf:odprev_word:waterfordcurrent_word:wedgwood next_word:china
prev_suf:incur_suf:nkprev_word:incurrent_word:open-bank next_word:assistance
prev_suf:utcur_suf:esprev_word:bailoutcurrent_word:concludes next_word:.
prev_suf:itcur_suf:rsprev_word:fruitcurrent_word:growers next_word:would
prev_suf:cycur_suf:rsprev_word:policycurrent_word:makers next_word:to
prev_suf:decur_suf:nsprev_word:tradecurrent_word:concessions next_word:to
prev_suf:nycur_suf:shprev_word:anycurrent_word:bearish next_word:indicator
prev_suf:nscur_suf:ngprev_word:institutionscurrent_word:waiting next_word:on
prev_suf:stcur_suf:onprev_word:againstcurrent_word:colorization next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:gubernatorial next_word:election
prev_suf:secur_suf:alprev_word:raisecurrent_word:capital next_word:,
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:onprev_word:giantcurrent_word:renton next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:kan.-based next_word:national
prev_suf:rscur_suf:seprev_word:investorscurrent_word:chose next_word:to
prev_suf:pscur_suf:ngprev_word:groupscurrent_word:pushing next_word:some
prev_suf:$cur_suf:75prev_word:$current_word:37.375 next_word:a
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:edprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:slated next_word:for
prev_suf:$cur_suf:60prev_word:$current_word:471.60 next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:.yprev_word:,current_word:n.y next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:leprev_word:thecurrent_word:martinsville next_word:phillies
prev_suf:vecur_suf:erprev_word:havecurrent_word:larger next_word:competitors
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:leaving next_word:little
prev_suf:alcur_suf:fsprev_word:illegalcurrent_word:payoffs next_word:from
prev_suf:hecur_suf:dsprev_word:thecurrent_word:reds next_word:outnumbered
prev_suf:thcur_suf:k.prev_word:bothcurrent_word:u.k. next_word:and
prev_suf:,cur_suf:typrev_word:,current_word:deputy next_word:chairman
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ptprev_word:tocurrent_word:egypt next_word:in
prev_suf:,cur_suf:teprev_word:,current_word:black-and-white next_word:photographs
prev_suf:rdcur_suf:orprev_word:fordcurrent_word:motor next_word:co.
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ngprev_word:ofcurrent_word:nursing next_word:homes
prev_suf:tocur_suf:seprev_word:tocurrent_word:use next_word:in
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:eeprev_word:asset-managementcurrent_word:fee next_word:revenue
prev_suf:p.cur_suf:omprev_word:corp.current_word:from next_word:$
prev_suf:utcur_suf:onprev_word:cutcurrent_word:consumption next_word:of
prev_suf:chcur_suf:&prev_word:lynchcurrent_word:& next_word:co.
prev_suf:acur_suf:ewprev_word:acurrent_word:few next_word:months
prev_suf:vecur_suf:erprev_word:activecurrent_word:december next_word:,
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:40prev_word:ofcurrent_word:1,640 next_word:big
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:rsprev_word:andcurrent_word:freezers next_word:.
prev_suf:acur_suf:orprev_word:acurrent_word:factor next_word:,
prev_suf:wncur_suf:8prev_word:downcurrent_word:8 next_word:a.m
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:enprev_word:andcurrent_word:women next_word:.
prev_suf:(cur_suf:s$prev_word:(current_word:us$ next_word:9.05
prev_suf:nycur_suf:erprev_word:dannycurrent_word:linger next_word:in
prev_suf:amcur_suf:izprev_word:samcurrent_word:ruiz next_word:bought
prev_suf:ancur_suf:00prev_word:thancurrent_word:1,300 next_word:east
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.5prev_word:$current_word:817.5 next_word:million
prev_suf:vecur_suf:edprev_word:havecurrent_word:performed next_word:quietly
prev_suf:tocur_suf:apprev_word:tocurrent_word:tap next_word:the
prev_suf:acur_suf:onprev_word:acurrent_word:patron next_word:during
prev_suf:edcur_suf:.2prev_word:declinedcurrent_word:0.2 next_word:%
prev_suf:wncur_suf:.5prev_word:downcurrent_word:0.5 next_word:%
prev_suf:alcur_suf:.4prev_word:provisionalcurrent_word:0.4 next_word:%
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:onprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:hilton next_word:lost
prev_suf:otcur_suf:ngprev_word:notcurrent_word:something next_word:you
prev_suf:18cur_suf:leprev_word:1,118current_word:publishable next_word:rock
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:alprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:serial next_word:bond
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:edprev_word:ofcurrent_word:united next_word:nation
prev_suf:cycur_suf:meprev_word:deficiencycurrent_word:syndrome next_word:.
prev_suf:tocur_suf:itprev_word:tocurrent_word:sit next_word:this
prev_suf:thcur_suf:ixprev_word:withcurrent_word:six next_word:months
prev_suf:lycur_suf:esprev_word:earlycurrent_word:struggles next_word:to
prev_suf:escur_suf:rsprev_word:securitiescurrent_word:traders next_word:.
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:adprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:instead next_word:,
prev_suf:mscur_suf:edprev_word:firmscurrent_word:struggled next_word:through
prev_suf:acur_suf:icprev_word:acurrent_word:panic next_word:buying
prev_suf:g.cur_suf:imprev_word:g.current_word:sim next_word:set
prev_suf:ancur_suf:orprev_word:africancurrent_word:administrator next_word:general
prev_suf:owcur_suf:htprev_word:lowcurrent_word:light next_word:without
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:elprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:emanuel next_word:goldman
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:preparing next_word:to
prev_suf:dycur_suf:ngprev_word:alreadycurrent_word:reeling next_word:from
prev_suf:incur_suf:30prev_word:incurrent_word:130 next_word:million
prev_suf:chcur_suf:ksprev_word:whichcurrent_word:looks next_word:like
prev_suf:secur_suf:38prev_word:rosecurrent_word:138 next_word:%
prev_suf:gecur_suf:tsprev_word:wagecurrent_word:boosts next_word:that
prev_suf:arcur_suf:orprev_word:farcurrent_word:superior next_word:to
prev_suf:s.cur_suf:teprev_word:u.s.current_word:banknote next_word:said
prev_suf:bycur_suf:arprev_word:bycurrent_word:anti-nuclear next_word:groups
prev_suf:stcur_suf:icprev_word:almostcurrent_word:nostalgic next_word:quality
prev_suf:acur_suf:ntprev_word:acurrent_word:permanent next_word:smoking
prev_suf:icur_suf:seprev_word:icurrent_word:choose next_word:black
prev_suf:vecur_suf:edprev_word:havecurrent_word:covered next_word:as
prev_suf:hecur_suf:dsprev_word:thecurrent_word:crowds next_word:along
prev_suf:hecur_suf:shprev_word:thecurrent_word:crash next_word:was
prev_suf:tocur_suf:23prev_word:tocurrent_word:1304.23 next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ceprev_word:thecurrent_word:practice next_word:to
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ntprev_word:ofcurrent_word:negligent next_word:hiring
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:ambition next_word:of
prev_suf:hecur_suf:anprev_word:thecurrent_word:republican next_word:candidate
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:orprev_word:ofcurrent_word:investor next_word:william
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:edprev_word:andcurrent_word:fled next_word:to
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:esprev_word:recentcurrent_word:articles next_word:that
prev_suf:vecur_suf:edprev_word:reservecurrent_word:eased next_word:,
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:lsprev_word:andcurrent_word:bills next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ntprev_word:thecurrent_word:restatement next_word:will
prev_suf:itcur_suf:osprev_word:portraitcurrent_word:studios next_word:have
prev_suf:elcur_suf:isprev_word:joelcurrent_word:kazis next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:related next_word:products
prev_suf:ancur_suf:88prev_word:thancurrent_word:88 next_word:points
prev_suf:tocur_suf:89prev_word:tocurrent_word:89 next_word:days
prev_suf:hbcur_suf:edprev_word:nahbcurrent_word:lobbied next_word:for
prev_suf:tocur_suf:veprev_word:tocurrent_word:remove next_word:cuba
prev_suf:wscur_suf:82prev_word:showscurrent_word:82 next_word:%
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:urprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:our next_word:balance
prev_suf:,cur_suf:80prev_word:,current_word:80 next_word:out
prev_suf:$cur_suf:85prev_word:$current_word:85 next_word:million
prev_suf:$cur_suf:35prev_word:$current_word:2.35 next_word:billion
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ntprev_word:thecurrent_word:sentiment next_word:for
prev_suf:$cur_suf:40prev_word:$current_word:3.40 next_word:a
prev_suf:oncur_suf:osprev_word:late-afternooncurrent_word:chaos next_word:and
prev_suf:atcur_suf:edprev_word:whatcurrent_word:dampened next_word:spirits
prev_suf:umcur_suf:ngprev_word:petroleumcurrent_word:exporting next_word:countries
prev_suf:kscur_suf:veprev_word:stockscurrent_word:dive next_word:,
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:tsprev_word:sickcurrent_word:thrifts next_word:.
prev_suf:tocur_suf:seprev_word:tocurrent_word:disclose next_word:the
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:rkprev_word:newcurrent_word:york next_word:.
prev_suf:hncur_suf:anprev_word:johncurrent_word:van next_word:de
prev_suf:oncur_suf:owprev_word:correctioncurrent_word:anyhow next_word:,
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:onprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:conversation next_word:was
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:ceprev_word:wouldcurrent_word:produce next_word:and
prev_suf:edcur_suf:ssprev_word:increasedcurrent_word:homelessness next_word:,
prev_suf:encur_suf:tsprev_word:chickencurrent_word:restaurants next_word:fell
prev_suf:owcur_suf:edprev_word:dowcurrent_word:tacked next_word:on
prev_suf:r.cur_suf:llprev_word:mr.current_word:jarrell next_word:,
prev_suf:(cur_suf:esprev_word:(current_word:ses next_word:)
prev_suf:rocur_suf:rsprev_word:zerocurrent_word:homers next_word:and
prev_suf:$cur_suf:00prev_word:$current_word:815,000 next_word:from
prev_suf:acur_suf:onprev_word:acurrent_word:publication next_word:``
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:ntprev_word:quickcurrent_word:27-point next_word:loss
prev_suf:ghcur_suf:typrev_word:highcurrent_word:priority next_word:again
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:irprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:their next_word:u.s.-supplied
prev_suf:dacur_suf:llprev_word:sundacurrent_word:shell next_word:,
prev_suf:alcur_suf:myprev_word:nationalcurrent_word:academy next_word:of
prev_suf:ascur_suf:edprev_word:wascurrent_word:reversed next_word:yesterday
prev_suf:amcur_suf:erprev_word:williamcurrent_word:slider next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:ngprev_word:,current_word:reflecting next_word:a
prev_suf:ldcur_suf:shprev_word:couldcurrent_word:diminish next_word:its
prev_suf:incur_suf:lyprev_word:incurrent_word:july next_word:31
prev_suf:eecur_suf:rsprev_word:threecurrent_word:runners next_word:in
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ngprev_word:ofcurrent_word:limiting next_word:it
prev_suf:eocur_suf:beprev_word:galileocurrent_word:probe next_word:was
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.9prev_word:$current_word:478.9 next_word:million
prev_suf:vecur_suf:stprev_word:expensivecurrent_word:wish-list next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.4prev_word:$current_word:1.4 next_word:billion
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.5prev_word:$current_word:1.5 next_word:cents
prev_suf:lycur_suf:.6prev_word:nearlycurrent_word:1.6 next_word:million
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.7prev_word:$current_word:1.7 next_word:%
prev_suf:secur_suf:.2prev_word:raisecurrent_word:1.2 next_word:billion
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.3prev_word:$current_word:1.3 next_word:million
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:15-trader next_word:office
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.8prev_word:$current_word:1.8 next_word:%
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.9prev_word:$current_word:1.9 next_word:billion
prev_suf:encur_suf:edprev_word:beencurrent_word:linked next_word:to
prev_suf:ercur_suf:utprev_word:anothercurrent_word:rout next_word:.
prev_suf:utcur_suf:cyprev_word:bailoutcurrent_word:agency next_word:'s
prev_suf:,cur_suf:chprev_word:,current_word:which next_word:have
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:rsprev_word:duringcurrent_word:repairs next_word:vented
prev_suf:owcur_suf:rsprev_word:dowcurrent_word:bellwethers next_word:of
prev_suf:tscur_suf:hoprev_word:clientscurrent_word:who next_word:produce
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ulprev_word:environmentallycurrent_word:harmful next_word:chlorofluorocarbons
prev_suf:cecur_suf:owprev_word:lawrencecurrent_word:kudlow next_word:,
prev_suf:nscur_suf:hyprev_word:explainscurrent_word:why next_word:all
prev_suf:edcur_suf:geprev_word:indeedcurrent_word:discourage next_word:a
prev_suf:bycur_suf:ngprev_word:bycurrent_word:neighboring next_word:south
prev_suf:$cur_suf:50prev_word:$current_word:17.50 next_word:for
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:looked next_word:as
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ssprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:neatness next_word:does
prev_suf:phcur_suf:erprev_word:ralphcurrent_word:holzfaster next_word:,
prev_suf:stcur_suf:erprev_word:specialistcurrent_word:fowler next_word:&
prev_suf:uscur_suf:lsprev_word:ambitiouscurrent_word:goals next_word:set
prev_suf:,cur_suf:c.prev_word:,current_word:n.c. next_word:,
prev_suf:itcur_suf:edprev_word:itcurrent_word:agreed next_word:to
prev_suf:mscur_suf:ngprev_word:firmscurrent_word:planning next_word:to
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:llprev_word:runningcurrent_word:pell-mell next_word:to
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:arprev_word:growingcurrent_word:fear next_word:from
prev_suf:,cur_suf:esprev_word:,current_word:agrees next_word:.
prev_suf:escur_suf:ngprev_word:besidescurrent_word:spurring next_word:barry
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:ngprev_word:andcurrent_word:subtracting next_word:from
prev_suf:oncur_suf:onprev_word:oncurrent_word:litigation next_word:;
prev_suf:c.cur_suf:edprev_word:inc.current_word:filmed next_word:a
prev_suf:escur_suf:73prev_word:utilitiescurrent_word:214.73 next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:esprev_word:takeovercurrent_word:candidates next_word:can
prev_suf:--cur_suf:edprev_word:--current_word:neared next_word:,
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:alprev_word:ofcurrent_word:local next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:edprev_word:warnercurrent_word:sued next_word:sony
prev_suf:escur_suf:ngprev_word:officescurrent_word:watching next_word:far
prev_suf:tocur_suf:inprev_word:tocurrent_word:sustain next_word:the
prev_suf:edcur_suf:lyprev_word:resultedcurrent_word:mainly next_word:through
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:esprev_word:advancingcurrent_word:ones next_word:that
prev_suf:gocur_suf:bsprev_word:chicagocurrent_word:cubs next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:dsprev_word:thecurrent_word:words next_word:,
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:csprev_word:managementcurrent_word:tactics next_word:.
prev_suf:uecur_suf:psprev_word:bluecurrent_word:chips next_word:they
prev_suf:'scur_suf:alprev_word:'scurrent_word:working-capital next_word:plan
prev_suf:sscur_suf:ntprev_word:lesscurrent_word:affluent next_word:citizens
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ckprev_word:ofcurrent_word:weslock next_word:corp.
prev_suf:wecur_suf:ewprev_word:wecurrent_word:view next_word:from
prev_suf:sscur_suf:peprev_word:acrosscurrent_word:europe next_word:.
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ntprev_word:landingcurrent_word:requirement next_word:''
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:acquired next_word:by
prev_suf:00cur_suf:lsprev_word:70,000current_word:barrels next_word:.
prev_suf:recur_suf:tsprev_word:futurecurrent_word:droughts next_word:.
prev_suf:acur_suf:edprev_word:acurrent_word:multifaceted next_word:housing
prev_suf:incur_suf:orprev_word:incurrent_word:favor next_word:of
prev_suf:etcur_suf:edprev_word:marketcurrent_word:closed next_word:minutes
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:deprev_word:andcurrent_word:crude next_word:was
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:esprev_word:publishingcurrent_word:stories next_word:about
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:werecurrent_word:frustrated next_word:with
prev_suf:izcur_suf:htprev_word:ruizcurrent_word:bought next_word:,
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ngprev_word:'scurrent_word:weighing next_word:``
prev_suf:secur_suf:typrev_word:whosecurrent_word:ability next_word:to
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ngprev_word:thecurrent_word:opening next_word:was
prev_suf:8cur_suf:.mprev_word:8current_word:a.m next_word:.
prev_suf:rycur_suf:esprev_word:regulatorycurrent_word:agencies next_word:much
prev_suf:uycur_suf:ilprev_word:buycurrent_word:gatoil next_word:suisse
prev_suf:$cur_suf:35prev_word:$current_word:5.35 next_word:a
prev_suf:orcur_suf:obprev_word:forcurrent_word:job next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:erprev_word:thecurrent_word:takeover next_word:of
prev_suf:$cur_suf:33prev_word:$current_word:5.33 next_word:a
prev_suf:acur_suf:ftprev_word:acurrent_word:swift next_word:recovery
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:ngprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:declining next_word:steadily
prev_suf:idcur_suf:rtprev_word:saidcurrent_word:norbert next_word:braeuer
prev_suf:recur_suf:ilprev_word:maturecurrent_word:april next_word:by
prev_suf:,cur_suf:inprev_word:,current_word:grain next_word:futures
prev_suf:stcur_suf:ngprev_word:justcurrent_word:urging next_word:the
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:nsprev_word:andcurrent_word:auctions next_word:company
prev_suf:oncur_suf:dsprev_word:conservationcurrent_word:grounds next_word:.
prev_suf:atcur_suf:ldprev_word:patcurrent_word:wald next_word:went
prev_suf:``cur_suf:llprev_word:``current_word:wall next_word:street
prev_suf:ascur_suf:ltprev_word:wascurrent_word:walt next_word:disney
prev_suf:tocur_suf:beprev_word:tocurrent_word:subscribe next_word:to
prev_suf:thcur_suf:ctprev_word:withcurrent_word:respect next_word:,
prev_suf:tecur_suf:edprev_word:notecurrent_word:narrowed next_word:0.01
prev_suf:idcur_suf:toprev_word:saidcurrent_word:masato next_word:murakami
prev_suf:ckcur_suf:hsprev_word:backcurrent_word:three-fourths next_word:of
prev_suf:ltcur_suf:rkprev_word:vanderbiltcurrent_word:trademark next_word:,
prev_suf:itcur_suf:tsprev_word:itcurrent_word:charts next_word:its
prev_suf:alcur_suf:tsprev_word:localcurrent_word:agreements next_word:.
prev_suf:orcur_suf:keprev_word:forcurrent_word:mike next_word:moore
prev_suf:hscur_suf:edprev_word:monthscurrent_word:painted next_word:walls
prev_suf:ifcur_suf:ntprev_word:ifcurrent_word:sufficient next_word:cash
prev_suf:acur_suf:erprev_word:acurrent_word:farmer next_word:and
prev_suf:encur_suf:edprev_word:beencurrent_word:improved next_word:performance
prev_suf:tscur_suf:ntprev_word:itscurrent_word:present next_word:a
prev_suf:lycur_suf:edprev_word:temporarilycurrent_word:abandoned next_word:his
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:keprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:unlike next_word:two
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ntprev_word:overlappingcurrent_word:restaurant next_word:operations
prev_suf:hecur_suf:esprev_word:thecurrent_word:choices next_word:will
prev_suf:eecur_suf:llprev_word:committeecurrent_word:will next_word:be
prev_suf:recur_suf:onprev_word:beforecurrent_word:depreciation next_word:of
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:ldprev_word:wentcurrent_word:wild next_word:.
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:olprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:whirlpool next_word:corp.
prev_suf:necur_suf:erprev_word:ozonecurrent_word:layer next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.5prev_word:$current_word:320.5 next_word:million
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:usprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:thus next_word:easing
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.3prev_word:$current_word:68.3 next_word:million
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:vaprev_word:ofcurrent_word:ava next_word:,
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:brandished next_word:his
prev_suf:oncur_suf:psprev_word:recessioncurrent_word:perhaps next_word:,
prev_suf:vecur_suf:erprev_word:activecurrent_word:member next_word:of
prev_suf:eccur_suf:typrev_word:eccurrent_word:unity next_word:.
prev_suf:hecur_suf:stprev_word:thecurrent_word:largest next_word:protest
prev_suf:25cur_suf:tsprev_word:25current_word:units next_word:in
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:erprev_word:ofcurrent_word:perkin-elmer next_word:,
prev_suf:ulcur_suf:nsprev_word:harmfulcurrent_word:chlorofluorocarbons next_word:,
prev_suf:itcur_suf:ltprev_word:itcurrent_word:difficult next_word:times
prev_suf:rscur_suf:.pprev_word:partnerscurrent_word:l.p next_word:.
prev_suf:encur_suf:byprev_word:greencurrent_word:lobby next_word:will
prev_suf:ascur_suf:22prev_word:ascurrent_word:14.22 next_word:cents
prev_suf:atcur_suf:45prev_word:atcurrent_word:9:45 next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:leprev_word:thecurrent_word:whole next_word:greenhouse
prev_suf:mecur_suf:ngprev_word:namecurrent_word:fighting next_word:a
prev_suf:alcur_suf:orprev_word:globalcurrent_word:spectator next_word::
prev_suf:itcur_suf:erprev_word:circuitcurrent_word:breaker next_word:''
prev_suf:ercur_suf:c.prev_word:painewebbercurrent_word:inc. next_word:from
prev_suf:mecur_suf:veprev_word:becomecurrent_word:excessive next_word:cases
prev_suf:owcur_suf:lyprev_word:borrowcurrent_word:heavily next_word:on
prev_suf:'cur_suf:nsprev_word:'current_word:gyrations next_word:.
prev_suf:rscur_suf:ngprev_word:holderscurrent_word:tendering next_word:at
prev_suf:,cur_suf:crprev_word:,current_word:tcr next_word:sumat
prev_suf:ascur_suf:leprev_word:wascurrent_word:miniscule next_word:compared
prev_suf:tocur_suf:idprev_word:tocurrent_word:rapid next_word:cash
prev_suf:cycur_suf:lyprev_word:agencycurrent_word:supply next_word:problems
prev_suf:idcur_suf:thprev_word:davidcurrent_word:smith next_word:barney
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:erprev_word:absentcurrent_word:other next_word:asset
prev_suf:lycur_suf:veprev_word:especiallycurrent_word:attractive next_word:to
prev_suf:tocur_suf:ctprev_word:tocurrent_word:enact next_word:this
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:ckprev_word:ofcurrent_word:sick next_word:thrifts
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:nsprev_word:over-allotmentcurrent_word:provisions next_word:for
prev_suf:orcur_suf:rsprev_word:orcurrent_word:protesters next_word:to
prev_suf:oncur_suf:ggprev_word:oncurrent_word:kellogg next_word:co
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:owprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:know next_word:.
prev_suf:ancur_suf:ssprev_word:americancurrent_word:press next_word:for
prev_suf:hecur_suf:utprev_word:thecurrent_word:doughnut next_word:shop
prev_suf:bycur_suf:meprev_word:bycurrent_word:name next_word:,
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ulprev_word:offercurrent_word:helpful next_word:hints
prev_suf:(cur_suf:miprev_word:(current_word:miami next_word:)
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:alprev_word:ofcurrent_word:perpetual next_word:autumn
prev_suf:alcur_suf:rsprev_word:nationalcurrent_word:taxpayers next_word:would
prev_suf:,cur_suf:inprev_word:,current_word:lufkin next_word:&
prev_suf:otcur_suf:edprev_word:notcurrent_word:exceed next_word:$
prev_suf:lycur_suf:seprev_word:onlycurrent_word:because next_word:almost
prev_suf:igcur_suf:leprev_word:bigcurrent_word:tumble next_word:.
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:saprev_word:ofcurrent_word:mersa next_word:metruh
prev_suf:RTcur_suf:chprev_word:STARTcurrent_word:church next_word:'s
prev_suf:alcur_suf:seprev_word:generalcurrent_word:meese next_word:,
prev_suf:atcur_suf:14prev_word:atcurrent_word:114 next_word:1\*slash*2
prev_suf:tocur_suf:17prev_word:tocurrent_word:117 next_word:.
prev_suf:ancur_suf:thprev_word:loancurrent_word:growth next_word:as
prev_suf:ancur_suf:rtprev_word:canadiancurrent_word:export next_word:sales
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:reprev_word:retailingcurrent_word:empire next_word:,
prev_suf:'cur_suf:ntprev_word:'current_word:employment next_word:development
prev_suf:escur_suf:myprev_word:soulmatescurrent_word:jeremy next_word:rifkin
prev_suf:'scur_suf:adprev_word:'scurrent_word:lead next_word:times
prev_suf:incur_suf:ipprev_word:incurrent_word:receivership next_word:and
prev_suf:chcur_suf:edprev_word:suchcurrent_word:computer-based next_word:practices
prev_suf:'scur_suf:anprev_word:'scurrent_word:lean next_word:cuisine
prev_suf:ercur_suf:ntprev_word:dishwashercurrent_word:detergent next_word:.
prev_suf:ircur_suf:esprev_word:theircurrent_word:bosses next_word:treat
prev_suf:etcur_suf:erprev_word:marketcurrent_word:leader next_word:'s
prev_suf:edcur_suf:.5prev_word:endedcurrent_word:27.5 next_word:%
prev_suf:ancur_suf:taprev_word:germancurrent_word:pasta next_word:market
prev_suf:recur_suf:edprev_word:werecurrent_word:carried next_word:on
prev_suf:''cur_suf:onprev_word:''current_word:extension next_word:to
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ngprev_word:ultimatelycurrent_word:getting next_word:ready
prev_suf:ewcur_suf:ndprev_word:newcurrent_word:high-end next_word:disk
prev_suf:edcur_suf:itprev_word:unitedcurrent_word:biscuit next_word:'s
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:urged next_word:.
prev_suf:edcur_suf:geprev_word:unconsolidatedcurrent_word:surge next_word:in
prev_suf:htcur_suf:lyprev_word:straightcurrent_word:monthly next_word:average
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:esprev_word:andcurrent_word:carries next_word:over
prev_suf:nycur_suf:erprev_word:anycurrent_word:carrier next_word:financially
prev_suf:rtcur_suf:esprev_word:reportcurrent_word:urges next_word:freeing
prev_suf:hecur_suf:etprev_word:thecurrent_word:outset next_word:of
prev_suf:tscur_suf:wnprev_word:itscurrent_word:own next_word:more
prev_suf:,cur_suf:edprev_word:,current_word:polished next_word:and
prev_suf:alcur_suf:tsprev_word:additionalcurrent_word:warrants next_word:at
prev_suf:ffcur_suf:.1prev_word:offcurrent_word:157.1 next_word:points
prev_suf:ercur_suf:erprev_word:coldercurrent_word:weather next_word:or
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:ngprev_word:includingcurrent_word:earth-moving next_word:,
prev_suf:$cur_suf:57prev_word:$current_word:2.57 next_word:billion
prev_suf:$cur_suf:59prev_word:$current_word:2.59 next_word:a
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:spiral next_word:,
prev_suf:hecur_suf:alprev_word:thecurrent_word:continental next_word:u.s.
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:edprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:triggered next_word:friday
prev_suf:tycur_suf:dsprev_word:fidelitycurrent_word:funds next_word:that
prev_suf:alcur_suf:meprev_word:usualcurrent_word:volume next_word:was
prev_suf:becur_suf:edprev_word:becurrent_word:mailed next_word:to
prev_suf:orcur_suf:edprev_word:forcurrent_word:hurried next_word:last-minute
prev_suf:'scur_suf:edprev_word:'scurrent_word:automated next_word:teller
prev_suf:edcur_suf:zeprev_word:helpedcurrent_word:squeeze next_word:ncnb
prev_suf:eycur_suf:deprev_word:theycurrent_word:made next_word:under
prev_suf:,cur_suf:a.prev_word:,current_word:va. next_word:,
prev_suf:socur_suf:erprev_word:so-socurrent_word:hitter next_word:who
prev_suf:encur_suf:erprev_word:seencurrent_word:whether next_word:applied
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:ctprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:distract next_word:us
prev_suf:aycur_suf:rdprev_word:one-daycurrent_word:record next_word:.
prev_suf:ngcur_suf:owprev_word:slippingcurrent_word:below next_word:the
prev_suf:'scur_suf:ngprev_word:'scurrent_word:ruling next_word:the
prev_suf:ndcur_suf:00prev_word:aroundcurrent_word:200,000 next_word:tons
prev_suf:edcur_suf:lyprev_word:smiledcurrent_word:broadly next_word:,
prev_suf:ntcur_suf:rmprev_word:investmentcurrent_word:firm next_word:,
prev_suf:recur_suf:ngprev_word:arecurrent_word:intimidating next_word:voters
prev_suf:lycur_suf:teprev_word:grosslycurrent_word:inadequate next_word:.
prev_suf:stcur_suf:arprev_word:lastcurrent_word:year next_word:just
prev_suf:hecur_suf:onprev_word:thecurrent_word:resumption next_word:of
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:alprev_word:ofcurrent_word:mutual next_word:funds
prev_suf:etcur_suf:edprev_word:marketcurrent_word:avoided next_word:a
prev_suf:oucur_suf:llprev_word:youcurrent_word:'ll next_word:probably
prev_suf:,cur_suf:isprev_word:,current_word:illinois next_word:and
prev_suf:htcur_suf:okprev_word:tightcurrent_word:book next_word:.
prev_suf:acur_suf:chprev_word:acurrent_word:branch next_word:.
prev_suf:iscur_suf:ngprev_word:iscurrent_word:contacting next_word:possible
prev_suf:edcur_suf:nkprev_word:so-calledcurrent_word:junk next_word:bonds
prev_suf:$cur_suf:.6prev_word:$current_word:264.6 next_word:million
prev_suf:stcur_suf:neprev_word:lastcurrent_word:june next_word:30
prev_suf:rscur_suf:edprev_word:prisonerscurrent_word:risked next_word:bringing
prev_suf:ercur_suf:etprev_word:ministercurrent_word:margaret next_word:thatcher
prev_suf:m.cur_suf:erprev_word:m.current_word:sandler next_word:said
prev_suf:tocur_suf:.4prev_word:tocurrent_word:29.4 next_word:%
prev_suf:ofcur_suf:.6prev_word:ofcurrent_word:29.6 next_word:points
prev_suf:$cur_suf:25prev_word:$current_word:4.25 next_word:.
prev_suf:btcur_suf:edprev_word:debtcurrent_word:incurred next_word:by
prev_suf:lycur_suf:ksprev_word:currentlycurrent_word:ranks next_word:second
prev_suf:hecur_suf:ceprev_word:thecurrent_word:space next_word:agency
prev_suf:'tcur_suf:lyprev_word:n'tcurrent_word:intentionally next_word:choose
prev_suf:tscur_suf:alprev_word:itscurrent_word:ideological next_word:soulmates
